This is a good movie if one is willing to overlook the hundreds literally hundreds of logical
fallacies in this movie Other reviews give a good overview of the plot Im not looking to do that
here I just want to point out some plot inconsistencies andor the lack of critical thinking that the
characters demonstrate I will list a few of my observations below 1 They go to a waterfall where
they can scream as loud as they want and the monsters cant hear them Why not live there They could
fish and collect drinking water near the river The monsters would probably stay away from the area
since the sound of the falls would impede their hunting ability 2 When taking a walk does anyone
seriously let the youngest child of the group walk behind them Why on earth would they let a young
boy walk a hundred yards behind the adults in such a dangerous situation They cant even correct the
boy if he makes any mistakes and indeed this results in his death 3 How on earth did they get the
corn planted By hand After 400 days you wouldnt see corn in nice little neat rows like it was
planted by farm equipment 4 Since the monsters cant hear you if there is a loud sound nearby why not
bring out one of the downstairs speakers and blast something 247 on one of the nearby trees or on
top of the house The monsters would get used to the sound and leave the area alone leaving the
family to talk in peace 5 What human with a brain wouldnt consider making a soundproof room They
could go to the city get a bunch of foam blankets pillows whatever and plaster it around one of the
larger rooms until they created an effective sound barrier In the movie a single mattress pulled
over a walkway is an effective sound shield Imagine how effective they could be if they put some
ACTUAL effort into soundproofing the room 6 Apparently the monsters can be killed by shotguns The
entire military was wiped out with all the weaponry of the finest military in the world rendered
useless against the monsters but Emily Blunt shoots one in the head and kills it Right 7 The mother
Emily Blunt is pregnant Why would you bring a newborn child into this world when the child will
surely jeopardize the safety of the entire family You know that babies cry right Pull out or use a
condom 8 If the monsters can hear the faintest sound from far way why do they have trouble hearing
sounds that even humans can decipher at close range A baby crying a mothers heavy breathing a
persons heartbeat All of these things would be loud to a creature that hear can hear footstep from a
half mile away 9 The mothers water breaks and she starts having the baby She tries to contain her
gasps and walks downstairs only to step on a nail on the stairway She lets out a sound and falls
causing the monsters to hunt her down and nearly kill her and the newborn child However just in time
she is saved by fireworks designed to distract the monsters Instead of removing the nail like any
sane person they just ignore it and leave it sticking up on the stairs for someone else to step on
Dumb This movie isnt terrible with great acting and a pretty unique backstory But the glaring
logical fallacies and the idiocracy of the characters made the movie completely unwatchable for me
The monsters dont really seem that formidable after further inspection and if the family followed
any of the tips I mention they could live with little difficultyIts difficult to make a good film
about aliens who kill everyone who makes a sound So they didnt even tryWhy did they decide to have a
child knowing it would result in certain deathWhy did the dad commit suicide Could he not have just
thrown a stick to make a noiseI found myself rooting for the aliens at the endIf you have an IQ
similar to a sock you will love thisI also cant understand the fuzz about this absurd movie The list
of stupid impossible things in this post apocaliptic world is endlessFull electricity power in a
devastated world without any generator at sight that would make noise and attract the aliensA couple that decides to have a baby who will cry attract the aliens and have all the family killed
in secondsA house sorrounded by acres of corn an annual crop Who cultivated it within the last 6 monthsA nail in a step pointing up How that happenedAliens that could beat all the armies in the world but are killed by a single shotgun of a smiling
mother that has just lost his husbandThis husband that only thinks about shouting loud to attract the alien that is about to kill his
children instead of making a diverting noise like throwing a stoneEmily looking sharp blonde dyed hair hands done for months and monthsSending your child to light fireworks in the open instead of switching on a radio or elseAll imaginable cliches Everything so dumb and stupid Not worth itI honestly have no idea how this
movie reviewed so well as I was sitting there I was absolutely dumbfounded by the actions of the
characters and how these aliens could even beat an organised human army of the middle ages They
wouldnt even need swords I reckon they could have gotten the job done with sticks and rocks We are
seriously meant to believe that aliens with seemingly no sense of site or smell but incredibly
hyperacuity of sound beat humans That is the first and primary stupid premise of this film Sound is
the easiest thing to manipulate can be matched with opposing noise to cover and as we found out
later they have an intensely disabling reaction to high pitched sound SERIOUSLY If we met creatures
like that on an opposing planet we would make them extinct Set up a sound box bring them in blow
them upshoot them when they get near Put DOG WHISTLES on humans to disable them when routing the few
stragglers have loud speakers on an armoured vehicle whilst patrolling so they would attack that and
the men could walk up close change the pitch to very high and place his gun on its head for an easy
kill I mean honestly the most manipulable sensation is the only one they have And to add insult to
injury a shotgun blast clearly blows its head open so their armour or not so tough and they emit
electromagnetic pulses when getting near There is no believable scenario in which these things would
triumph over humans I thought maybe these creatures had sonar capability but no they are even more
useless than batsSecondly the humans in this are so utterly stupid its not funny So the backup plan
to scatter the aliens away if they are on the farm light 5 fireworks to distract them for about 20
seconds Something much easier a remote speaker activated with an ipod A FREAKING RADIO with remote
switch They have power in this film yet this is the best thing they can think ofHis death was
contrived nonsense too The only thing he could think of was to scream to draw the alien away from
his kid How about throwing rocksthe pick he was holding AT THE GIANT METAL SHED BESIDE HIM Also WHY
IN GODS NAME WOULD YOU DO ANYTHING BUT GO TO AN OPEN FIELD WHEN THE CREATURES ARE CLOSE You have a
distinct advantage in site running to a closed car COMPLETELY DISABLES this Common sense would
dictate when you think its close crouch down breath into your sleeve to reduce sound and keep eyes
open The alien will neither smell nor see you and if you need to move that you can see it and go
slowly whilst trying to throw an object somewhere to make noise for a distraction She is heavily
pregnant and they build a soundproof room thats NOT EVEN SEALED properly They have a mattress that
goes over the trap door Ultra dumb and tries to set tension later in the film It just screams
laziness when a horror film has to build tension through dumb and pretentious means that no human
would ever doI could go on and on This film is terribly lazy in building drama uses jump scares all
the time cliched in the family unit there are seriously people here talking about the great dialogue
This film had decisively little dialogue in it and was utterly vanilla They were all stereotypical
family members I bet not one person can name a quirk or unique character trait of any of them The
humans are stupid and the aliens are an incredibly flawed invader Arnold from Predator could make a
whole bunch of traps in the trees like he did in that film and wipe them all out in an afternoon
Overall one of the worst movies I have seen in a whileFirst why is the young kid left in the store
and following the family home 30 ft behind everyone Why if you can talk and live normal at the
waterfall and lake are you inland at your house You mean to tell me that the entire world is wiped
out and nobody thought to themselves lets crank up the volume on radio waves Dumb movieBrilliant
idea I had very high hopes for this movie The more I watched it the quicker I realized that I and
the three other patrons in the theater had been duped Im not going to beat this movie to death by
going into details everyone else has already done that The movie came with a message women and girls
are smart and brave and men and boys are shortsighted stupid cowardly and bumbling idiots Case in
point the father had in his possession a shotgun which as we learn late in the movie was perfectly
capable of killing the monsters Why he had never attempted this well never know Why the military
wasnt brought in well also never know I agree with everyone else about stupidity of bringing a baby
into such a world especially knowing that it would be impossible to defend him against such a
murderous creature while also endangering the health of the mother during the birth of the baby I
also couldnt get past the young boy who essentially grew up in this silent dangerous world but acts
like he was just dropped in from a happier time and place And the nail stair treads get hammered
down from above not up from underneath Unbelievable Equally unbelievable are some of these reviews
Totally fake They all read very similar Pretty sadSo many questions and so many illogical and
nonsensical things in this movieIf the sound is so important and if the batteries for the toy are so important why leave the
batteries on a table next to the toy and leave the room dear GOD Of course a 3year old doesnt know
any betterWhy did earth get conquered by creatures whose weakness is highfrequency sounds and who can get
killed by a shotgun blast to the headWhy does dad think a mattress is enough a fortification for the basement and why are there freaking
apples on a mattress xDWhy did dad have to die screaming instead of oh I dont know throw his axe in a metal shack 5 feet
away from him and silently walk away with his kidsWhy do they decide to have a baby in this hideous apocalypse a baby that has to scream when its born
so all of you get killed instantlyWhy is there a nail stuck in the middle of the damned stairsCharacters are so stereotypical and so
forgettable its painful A good caring dad and a good caring mom a rebellious teenage daughter and a
coward younger son Cinematography is nothing to write home about and the music in some places was
unnecessary pulling you away from the usually silent experienceMovie also additionally salts the wound by blatant jump scaresAs Im writing this the grade stands at
82 disgusting and unfathomable Open your eyes people and use your brains This is an appalinglly bad
mystery thriller movieStupid beyond belief Be very quiet not to tell anyone you paid to see this
crap or be very stupid if you want to spend your money to go see this crap or at least make sure you
get paid by the studio like imdbs reviewers apparently doEven the slightest sound will kill you so
what would more sense than go scalping for food with a 5year old The answer here seems to be to make
sure not to have a care in the world what the toddler is up to Later on I the movie after Disaster
Dad and Family have gotten the 5year old killed Disaster Mom and Dad decides to bring another
newborn into the world we never see this scene but it might have worked with a John Cleese cameo No
sound please Were BritishAnd then theres the transformation Disaster Mom turns out to be everybodys
favorite superheroine Miracle Mum A big nail up your foot while about to give birth and being chased
by a monster not a sound of course and the birth giving is also done in complete silence naturallyI say anyone for tennisIn case you didnt notice it the first time around and if you should ever find
yourself in a situation where you have to rewatch this movie like in Hells Waiting Room notice how
the monster  as it waddles down the stairs  is making more sound than Donald Duck singing Jingle
Bells on a Christmas Morning without it affecting it in the slightest Its a cool power to have that
immune to ones own sound Somewhere along the movie probably in the middle around the 4 hour mark I
started thinking if only they could find a nice place by a river where there would be plenty of fish
and natural sounds preferably near a waterfall that could muffle all human sounds Dear God it was so
bad on so many levels How about the writing on the wall Q What is its weakness A Sound Funny
thatStill not zero but one star for being slightly under 9 hours long it didnt feel like a minute
more at least not to meThis movie could be over with a stuck car horn and an assult rifle Then you
mix in teenage drama and getting pregnant Like that would even be an option in this arena Worst
movie I have seen in a long time The premise is flemsy The characters behavior was stupid I really
cant believe this script actually got greenlighted I have never commented on any movie in my life
but after watching this lit fart I had to speak out I will NEVER trust a rating againThree out of
three of us found this film b o r I n g and prettypoor A simple premise alien creatures looking very familiar  which film set were they borrowed from
hunt by sound they cannot be heard if there is background noise Ie a river or waterfall So why not
live by the river and have a normal conversation  But no  Repetitive killings ensue Why I ask myself
would anyone get pregnant and produce a screaming baby when you know certain death awaits you
Really   bad enough giving birth under normal circumstancesQuite honestly I am appalled at the low quality of films of late that are given good write ups by
all the media OAnother wasted evening not to talk about the money mercifully not too longSticking to Sky Atlantic  Netflix for the time beingReading all these reviews about what a
Masterpiece this movie is makes me wonder if I missed something or if Im just stupid If youre
someone whos raving about how creative and revolutionary this movie is youre either just trying to
fit in as a horror movie snob or saw a completely different movie Seriously I sat there through the
first hour of the movie and wondered if I somehow walked into the wrong theater and was seeing a
different movie The pacing is incredibly slow and I understand that the first half of a slow burning
horror film like this one is supposed to build suspense but unlike other horror flicks this film
keeps you waiting and waiting and waiting for absolutely nothing The only positive thing about this
movie is the acting The movie does have good performances from Gabriel Byrne and Toni Collette
although I dont feel her acting is Oscar worthy like people are saying It just makes me wonder how
desperate these two great actors must have been for a paycheck This movie was marketed as something
that would make people rethink what horror movies are all about In the end theres nothing to spoil
about this movie because nothing happens The plot develops extremely slowly as a poorly written
family drama Then in the last 2030 minutes the director must have remembered that he was supposed to
be making a horror movie and just slapped together an ending full of countless scary movie cliches
that left everyone in the theater scratching their heads Someone at my showing actually said out
loud when the credits began to roll wtf was that movie and everyone laughedI get that cinematography
wise this movie is supposed to be brilliant because it does look pretty good But good visuals arent
enough to save a boring movie with a poorly put together plot in my opinion Ive seen a few other
reviewers on here mention how people in the audience were laughing out loud during the scary parts
of this movie and I can say that most of the theater I was in including myself was filled with
people laughing and loudly cracking jokes at how cliche and confusing the ending of this movie is DO
NOT waste your money on this movie Stay home Spend time with your family Read a book Spend 2 hours
of your life doing literally anything except for watching HereditaryDo I live in the Twilight Zone
or something Im completely baffled if this is what people considerA modern day horror masterpiece
USA Today The reviewers of this movie are either delusional been paid off or Ari Aster himself
because there is absolutely NO POINT TO THIS MOVIE No destination A soulless automaton disguised as
a profound mediation on An unsettling look at the demons we have inherited from our parents Vanity
FairWow what a great one liner right The things a talented filmmaker couldve done with this simple
seed of an idea an idea that permeates connects and couldve been a genre defining masterpiece but
instead I was givenPaper thin characters A plot that had no trajectory Laughable performances from
the whole cast Horror imagery that served no purpose other than this looks scary Style over
substance Toni Colette youve disappointed me dearly Thought I was in for an Oscar Award Winning
performance and what I was left with was a comedic rendition of what it truly means to be an artist
You talked about giving your soul into this character and all I saw was a performance with no
intention This is the same company A24 that released It Comes At Night and The Witch two other
mediocre horror movies billed to be the scariest films of all time when they were released It was
one of the worst experiences I had in a theater and in film in general People were in uproarious
fits of laughter throughout the 2 HOUR RUNTIME for what was supposed to beTerrifying Indiewire and
Bonechilling The Hollywood ReporterClearly Ari needs help with his storytelling skills He has
technical finesse but technicality is nothing when compared to a story with nuance and insight
something that is emotionally compelling and moving The movie had the depth of a puddle after a
drizzle The trailer is probably the best part of this movie Watch the trailer and save yourself the
moneyPS I literally made an account TODAY to review this and I never post reviews Im a huge horror
fan and thats how awful and disappointed I was at this movie Never trusting review sites againWow
what can I say Ive been anticipating this film since hearing about it from Sundance The problem with
critics and the buzz surrounding this film was that it was way too hyped to the point where I was
expecting the holy grail of terror What me and my audience got was a decent and compelling start
that crash lands into a comedy of errors The film was just not terrifying nor was it goosebump
inducing I just stared blankly at the screen feeling muted and emotionless I love slow burn horror
and films that are filled with dread This had a very good compelling premise but somehow the
director decided to go artsy fartsy surreal pretentious in the final minutes of the film and boy did
my audience groan and laugh Trust me it was not nervous laughter but the kind you hear at a Farrelly
brothers movie Wait wasnt this suppose to be a horror film How did it suddenly transform into a lame
campy Mommie Dearest meets Rosemarys Baby unintentional comedy Everyone booed and hissed on the way
out of the theater Literally the worst ending to a genre movie in ages I was waiting for Natalie
Portman to come out in black swan smeared kabuki make up and make some kind of cameo This
generations Exorcist These critics are seriously deludedWordofmouth from paying moviegoers will not
be kind Avoid unless you are a film student or love movies with godawful endings I can see this
being a Rocky Horror type of flick where audiences mouth click throughout the film and yell howlers
at the screen like Dont you ever raise your voice at me I am your motherAfter such hype about this
film and all the amazing reviews I was so excited to see a decent horror This isnt horror at all The
only plus point is so good acting as most of this film is a slow drawn out family drama It has one
of the WORST endings to a film like completely pointless I feel for a joke they put this film out as
a project to see how many people would be tricked in to seeing it with enough media hype You will
never get this 2 hours back of your life do literally anything instead and it will be time better
spentI hated this movieEveryone else in my screening hated this movieEveryone I know who has seen it hated this movieHow its IMDB score is as high as it is I dont knowThis is my first review on IMDB and I felt compelled to write it to warn people because it was so
badHalf an hour in it was so slow I was battling to stay awakeI didnt particularly care for any of the charactersAs Toni Collette descended into madness I found her highly irritatingI only made it to the end because I had gone to see it with people  if id of been on my own id of
walked out at the point I referred to IMDB to see how long it was and saw it was 2hrs 7minsIf it was
knocked down to about 80mins it would probably be an okayish movie but it was more like torture
having to sit through it for what seemed like foreverBoring regurgitation of every horror movie that
came before it I watched in stunned disbelief hoping it would be saved by the third act Instead my
wife and I were laughing out loud and the mounting stupidity To have the talents of Toni Collette
and Gabriel Byrne two actors incapable of giving a bad performance and to have the result be this
messy wannabe Twilight Zone episode is an utter catastrophe Anyone who compares this mess to horror
classics like The Exorcist and The Shining needs to have their critic cards revokedId post spoilers
but there is nothing to spoil Worst use of two hours in my 46 years of existenceThis movie was
utterly terrible I went into the theater thinking I was going to see a good suspenseful horror film
I was wrong I sat there trying to get the main points of the plot The film had a prolonged plot
which to me was dragged on to get to an ending that was terrible to me at least also I feel the film
could of had a better meaning and plot very disappointed in a film that has a high rating on the
IMDb scaleI dont know what movie these other reviewers think they were watching but the Hereditary I
saw that starred Toni Collette was just awful If youre looking for a slowpaced yawn inducing
experience this is the movie for you It starts out with a good premise but SLOWLY yet most surely it
manages to droll through a vague and desperate Ill bet you forgot Rosemarys Baby storyline that
culminates in the rebirth of some silly demon king that is made complete only after he receives a
proper Jugheadstyled crown Dont waste your time or money Dont read reviews from stupid people Trust
meI can not believe the false positive reviews The movie is slow  it is more creepy than scary I
fell asleep in this movie twice There is a huge buildup to a absolute let down No one walking out of
the theater liked it Please save your money I give it one star for the cinematographyDont wast your
money  its artsy fartsy  not scary at all  so many errors  I cant believe the reviews but the
audience in the theater laughed through the second half and the end is literally a JOKESomeone
remembers the movie Skeleton Key 2005 with Kate Hudson Well Get Out is basically the same plot
whereas in Skeleton Key the transferring of the soul or whatever is done with black magic in
Skeleton Key a neurosurgical procedure gets the job done So the plot is mostly besides the welldone
clash of black and white folks culture a copy cat as Skeleton Key plays in the deep South we got
also a little of the element of blackwhite culture contrastingIf I would have to choose one of both
movies for a cinematic night I would watch Skeleton Key again  the dark atmosphere is far more
superior and the suspense also Also the end is far more delicateGet Out has some strong points  good
actors good production and especially the strange circumstances and the growing paranoia of our hero
are well done On the other side the movie has some weak points too  imo the resolution is hasty done
also there are some important mistakes  how our hero got the stuff into his ears as he was bound to
the chair And the brother didnt see the stuff in his ears  he was clearly checking if the sheep is
asleep and knocked out Also didnt our bad girl see in darkness the blitz of the phone  she should
know that the possessioncontrol or whatever of the host is broken so she would never give the gun to
her grandfather Also the comedy element is a mixed up experience  some of the subtle comedy elements
I liked tiresome for me was the black buddy stuff cliché comedy Kitsch zillion times done before  it
was partly funny with Eddie Murphy in the 80s and maybe you got away with it in the 90s but nowAnd
whereas a good horrormovie mostly has a bad end for the hero Kate Hudson loses in a certain
surprising kind of way the struggle for her life the director didnt have the guts to make a good end
ofc our hero should be shot by a cop or ride the electrical chair Why Because the mad comrades of
our good evil family would ofc delete all pieces of evidence of crime there will be just one
solution left  our black guy would be sentenced for mass murder or who would believe his story as
many decent white folks would testify against him Btw  isnt that the point of a racist society This
pcending is imo too much of fishing for compliments or sucking up to the common mainstream agenda
and a good horror movie should everything but be pcIn short  I was entertained and I like many
aspects of the movie especially all the actors but in my horror collection Get Out wont make it into
the top 100 maybe top 250 but even thats not for sure The scriptthe story just is not good enough
Get Out a little horror snack the horrorelements are just a few its more a comedy and thriller Not
more but no less Because all this biased overrating I rated 1 my real rate is 5noteimo the political
agenda or bias of many of the reviewers and the votings with black actors as main characters is
ridiculous  masterpieces like Blade Runner got a rating of 82 or Apocalypse Now one of 85 and Get
Out got 81 Ive become accustomed to subtract 2 to up to 3 points deciding if I watch or not if a
black actor is involved as the main characters  not because of racism but because the ratings are
fed up and I cant trust them like all those fake reviews and ratings in the beginning of any movie
initiated by the studios  Get Out is just another proof of this hysteriaA rip off of The Skeleton
Key The fact that Peele stood there at the Academy Awards all emotional in his speech acting like he
wrote the script is ridiculous Universal made both pictures thats why theres no plagiarism law suit
Its a good story TSK is a much better movie though and with the gender and ethnicity of the main
characters switched white girl vs black family doing vodoo in the Skeleton Key and after Oscars So
White it hit the Zeitgeist Thats fine But Best ORIGINAL SCREENPLAY for Peele What a jokeIn this era
of disposable entertainment where we have no cultural memory and I fear no cultural future and
people are living only for the next best thing is there no one who recognizes that this movie is
almost a headon remake of Ira Levins The Stepford Wives 1975 Substitute racism for sexism and mix
liberally no credit given to the original author The fact that not even the Academy could recognize
the wholly derivative plot shows how far we have fallen as a moviegoing public In all likelihood
even Jordan Peale probably believes he wrote an original script He didnt And thats whats terrifying
about Get OutThere is no way this movie could have a rating over 6 There is ABSOLUTELY NOTHING NEW
in this movie no new concept a fest of cliches even the twist was almost a copy of another movie
Skeleton Key which I did not enjoy even And if a movie calls its own genre thriller or horror then
the movie should keep some level of atmosphere to make the audience tense up to some point Not
saying that the atmosphere was even there it was made even worse by inserting some random jokes in
between the movies which of course wasnt even humorous And the character development was the worst
thing in this movie as some character shows passionate caring attitude and all of the sudden heshe
turns into a complete psychopath It was so abrupt that heshe would even change the way heshe speaks
to a person thats not even supposed to know something happened One of the key evidence that this
movie was made without brains  Lets just be honest The movie makers only cared about making profit
Mixing horror comedy and not forgetting to insert whiteisevil richisevil theme inside with a black
person as main so that you can call all negative reviewers racist and sorry Im not even white Then
using some way to make people spam positive reviews most of them which I highly doubt even saw the
movie I honestly think more effort money was spent on making positive reviews rather than the movie
itself Hence the low budget movieThis movie is absolute garbage The only acting worth mentioning is
the main characters and the overall plot seems to be written by an angry black teenager The racism
theme you find here isnt anything related to the real world like 12 Years a Slave or Django
Unchained I have no idea what granted Peele an Oscar for this film Ive seen B movies much better
than this and seeing someone go from comedy to Director youd be 100 times better off watching A
Quiet Place directed by John Krasinski This movie left me feeling annoyed in the fact that ive
wasted money and time on it even The Emoji Movie is more entertaining than Get OutSave yourself and read a synopsis and skip the actual watching part 010 if i could give itThis has
got to be one of the most OVERRATED crappy movies that I have ever seen100 on Rotton Tomatoes
basically tells me that someone has either been paid quite a bit of money to buy a bogus reviewOr
somebody has sold their soul to the devilDaniel Kaluuya And LilRel Howery Were The Only Good
Elements To This Stupid MovieDaniels acting was goodAnd Lilrel Howery was actually quite funnyPlus I
did like the revelation surrounding the lead characters girlfriendThe fact that his girlfriend was
using herself as bait to lure people into this socalled nightmare was a very nice twistOther then
thatThis movie is idiotic and stupidFirst of allThe main character was an idiotBecause once he
realized that snapping a picture with his cell phone would bring black people back to realityHe
could have had himself a lot more backupSo he gets the moron of the year award for that aloneAnd
then theres the most pathetic excuse of a socalled surprise twist ending that many fans actually
enjoyedThe ending to me felt more like an offensive punchline to a very dumb jokePutting old white
peoples brains into the bodies of black people so that the superior white minds can controlpossess
the bodies of black people with superior body geneticsEven Adolf Hitler would have found this idea
to be extremely stupid and moronicCombine Hitlers idea of creating a master raceWith that old
concept If you cant beat em join emAnd you got this stupid movieI cant wait for the inevitable
backlash that this movie is gonna get in the long runThats what Im hoping for anywayBecause Either I
Have Bad Taste In MoviesOr Everyone Else DoesBecause Get Out SuckedAnd Thats All There Is Too
ItReally disappointed Totally predictable movie Some parts really dumb like the one at the police
station when all agents laughedIn short this movie is a waste of timeThis movie has the worst plot Ive ever seen in a horror movie
Its right there with all the Jeepers Creepers movies The fact that white people want to use black
people for their own personal happiness is what really gets me This is seriously the highlight of
the movie Somehow all white people want to use black people for their bodies Another form of slavery
with a terrible horrible film twist Not only is this premise terrible overall its very unbelievable
A skinny tall flat chested no butt white woman seduces black men and takes them home to become her
parents experiments And somehow no one goes out to look for their black family members No one cares
People just go missing after dating a white chick and no one cares Oh yeah at the end of this movie
the black guy someone how survives and his friend comes to his rescue in a cop car His friend wasnt
even a police officer he worked in an airport This movie is a complete WASTE OF TIME It sucksCant
think of a good reason to recommend thisA black guy visited his white girlfriends family estate only
to discover the familys dark secret What would happen Could he survive That premise drew me to this
movieThe movie seemed suspenseful but concluded poorly As the dark secret unfolded I noticed some
similarities in concept between a movie released over 10 years ago and this one After I finished
watching this one I realized that a movie released over 10 years ago could wipe the floor with this
one That movie released 10 years ago is called The Skeleton KeyThe Skeleton Key has a perfectly dark
ending whereas this movie has a happy and funny one Happy ending OK But being hilarious is a big
Nono It completely ruined the horror built up during the first 1 hour of the movie What is the point
of having the black police officer coming to Chris rescue What is the point of having this funny
character in the first place The movie would have been 10 times better without himInstead the ending
the audience got was rushed and underwhelming The black police officer out of nowhere appeared and
rescued Chris When asked how he had found Chris he simply said he had relied on transportation
network to track Chris Situation handled Really How funnyPerhaps the filmmaker ran out of ideas and
didnt even know how to conclude the movie Personally I would have loved to see a dark ending The
white police officer who appeared earlier in the movie would arrive and arrest Chris Rosy lying on
the ground with gunshot wound in her belly would scream for help framing Chris for murder After all
Chris touched the gun and his fingerprints were on it The movie wished to express the oppression of
black people in a white society right Chris getting locked up and prosecuted would suit the theme
perfectly Nobody would believe his story The ending would be even better if Rosy was rescued and set
free continuing to ensnare black people for her cult white secret societys harvest and sacrifice
Wouldnt that have been darker more logical and excitingThe current ending is awful It completely
ruins the story This movie is awarded 1 star for decent acting Recognized the lead from Black Mirror
Hes really goodSeriously when I watched this it had an 81 rating I wonder why I mean has this movie
been watched only by people who have never seen classics before The acting is not natural the story
line is incomplete on all accounts and the entire movie is totally predictable Its a combination of
a couple of movies combined But the story line is as unoriginal as the title itself And then
suddenly the story switches from the friend point of view where it seems to want to become a comedy
but it never really does This is not a horror movie Seriously it is insulting to all horror movies
ever made to be called a movie in that genre It is a thriller with some horror filled seconds at the
most It is never scary it is never really keeping you on the edge of your chair And on top of that
its never believable Especially the transplant part I mean hello it was about hypnosis remember and
why all the white people want their brain cut in half or something and become a different race How
does it work keeping both identities alive The other black men and women seem to just be in some
kind of trance but whos inside the husband of the older woman and did she pick him for being a hot
young black man or what I notice it irritates me to write this actually its badly written and
directed racist and stereotypical and just misguiding of genres Want to see a good movie Want to
save some precious time in your life Then watch anything but thisIt has become ritual for me to read
the novel It once a year every year since it was released in 1986 The story is more than a gorefest
its a story about love and hope and friendship that is still meaningful to me to this dayThe only
thing this movie has in common with the beloved book is its name and the characters names IT is a
literal disaster and a slap in the face to anyone who actually read and cherishes the book There are
NO character backstories nor character development at all You are literally thrust into the movie
expecting to know everything about everyone and why they are the way they are IE Henry Bowers and
why he hates the Losers Club  He LITERALLY starts the movie trying to kill them This is sad because
a large portion of the novel was meticulously spent doing quite the opposite and made you relate to
and fall in love with the charactersEditing What editing This is the worst edited movie Ive ever
seen in my life and Ive seen a lot in 41 years It was literally like the film makers shot 100 scenes
put the film in a hat and took out said scenes and spliced them together at total random I cant
describe it any other way than saying at one point one of the characters I cant tell who because
they all share the EXACT same personality says I banged your mom last night or something similar and
before the audience can even react the scene changes to a jump scare happening in ANOTHER PART OF
TOWN INSTANTLY and with no rhyme or reason You dont have time to laugh at jokes because they arent
funny unlike Stephen Kings jokes in the book  and you dont have time to be scared because youre
still trying to process the dick joke that was still being told when the scene abruptly endedWhile
the filming location for the town of Derry was suitable having the movie take place in the 1980s
instead of the 1950s JUST TO APPEASE the Stranger Things crowd was simply a terrible decision The
1950s were a totally different time and much of the characters reasoning and mannerisms that you
need to make this movie work are lost to a time and cultural difference These guys call themselves
THE LOSERS SQUAD in this movie for gods sake Kids didnt start calling themselves a squad until the
1980s IE The Monster Squad So you love the book like me and are still reading Thank you Now let me
list just SOME things that we both LOVE about the book that you will NOT find anywhere in this movie
The Deadlights The Ritual of CHUD The Mummy and the bridge The Losers Club Dam in the Barrens the
moving picture book now its a slide machine The Smokehouse This is battery acid The Werewolf Making
the silver bullet after a game of monopoly The stand pipe Bowers hair turning white beep beep Richie
the giant bird the 50s racism against Mike actually Mike Hanlon himself is missing The writers just
made arguably the most important character an afterthought in this movie character backstories Hi Ho
SilverAWAY Haystack I could go on and on and onWith god awful editing absolutely no character
backstories cheap teen jump scares not being faithful to the book and too much CGI usage Simply put
if you want to know how this movie is like the book read the first 10 pages of IT and burn the other
1077 pages because that is exactly what the screenwriter and director did to this failed
abortionThere just isnt the heart that was there in the mini series In my opinion The actors were
fine but the story wasnt there I believe there is to be a next installment covering the now grown
ups Ill probably watch it  if Ive nothing better to do Its simply not Steven Kings IT ALsothey
appear to have recycled the CGI lady from  Mama at one point  cant find it now but look out for it
Beepbeep Richie appears once so far as I can tell  a long way into the film Against all odds I
looked forward to this But its another turkey Steven King tells great stories  why do the Hollywood
mob insist on killing them I truly think this was dreadful and not a patch on the original I hope to
goodness they dont remake The StandWhat is this Horror for kids This movie convinces me that the
world has gone mad This is entertainment for what age groups exactly If its for adults why is there
so much childish humour and dialogue appealing to the sensibilities of an age group that should not
be watching this level of blood guts and graphic murder The story line is directed towards a certain
mentality which is not of appeal to adults at least not mature adults Why on earth is this so
popular It failed to scare me on so many levels that I found myself imagining better scenes How is
it acceptable that kids of 12 years old were in the audience looking at images of even younger
children in the movie having their arm torn from their body a man with a knife right in his throat
What the hell As soon as it was revealed that all the horrors were their imaginations it was a
pointless exercise What happened to all the kids that were floating down at the end Where was the
main characters brother at the end Wait for the next episode No thanks I would have enjoyed a
psychological horror but gore is not what I was expecting Shows a lack of imagination by the
director that he had to resort to this level of candy coated perversity What a shameWow I honestly
cant believe these reviews I made an IMDb account just to write a review I love the original and
have seen it many times This movie was horrible I feel insulted by the directors It wasnt scary at
all Any potential scary scene was downplayed by jokes so forcefully inserted into the script There
are multiple major holes in the story line as well Hole 1 the group of bullies never once said
anything about their buddy missingHole 2 the girl is pulled down from floating and brought back to
life Doesnt that mean that the hundreds of kids that come down from floating at the end come back to
life too Or do their rotting corpses fill up the sewers for 27 years Does Georgie come back to life
tooHole 3 the girl cant decide which boy she loves She took the poem from the pudgy kids room I have
to assume because she randomly ends up with it in her bedroom but then she thinks that Bill wrote
the poem somehow The pudgy kid kisses her bringing her back to life true love brings back the dead
girl like Princess  the Frog or something but she winds up with Bill Every cheesy horror film jump
scene was witnessed in this film The acting was good but I cant see how this is touted as a horror
film I felt like I was watching a Disney movie by the end of itNothing This was a staggeringly
hamfisted approach to either Kings novel or the miniseries based on it It missed the point utterly
You will not see a group of children whose shared bond enables them to overcome a monster You will
see a load of bickering kids who seem to barely tolerate each other come together briefly to rescue
the kidnapped object of their preteen lust You will not see an intelligentlywritten story You will
see a dumbeddown bythenumbers screenplay complete with the usual beats Crisis of Faith Catharsis and
all You will not see belief overpowering evil You will see a tenminute fight scene where every kid
tries to outcool every other kid and get off a Schwarzeneggerian onelinerThis movie is garbage I
cant express it more eloquently than thatIll start this review by addressing that I had no
expectation for the movie I am not a fan of the horror genre as it usually lacks the thought
provoking aspects I look forward to in film but the reviews were great and I thought Id give it a
shotThe films antagonist is a demonclown who can shapeshift and move through space in an instant as
demonstrated during the film IT abducts kills and eats children but can only do so if they are
experiencing fear In the finale fight scene of the movie Pennywise is unable to kill and eat Beverly
because she is not afraid of IT but at the start of the movie he kills Georgie after having a 5
minutes conversation with him where they laugh and mingle Georgie even reaches towards IT to grab
his boat  Would he really be so scared of IT at that point or was Beverly so not scared of an actual
demon holding her up by the neckThe films plot surrounds around a bunch of disasters that the kids
find out seem to happen every 27 years this information is found out by a 13 year old kid named Ben
and he figured this out by reading some articles in a library So this entire town of people has not
been able to figure this out And he informs the rest of the gang that in Derry there are
substantially more children going missing than anywhere else in the US  If that is the case who is
doing the abducting of children when Pennywise is on ITs breakAll of the disasters have happened
near sewage drains thats how the kids are able to figure out where IT lives but at one point of the
movie how was Pennywise able to appear in places that have no actual relation to the sewage
Pennywise appears and disappears in Bills garage and basement Beverlys bathroom in a building where
Mikes parents died and in Stanleys dads office If IT can appear anywhere why does he choose to
murder and abduct near the drain if ITs only purpose is to feed upon the children as demonstrated in
the final act of the film he is willing to make a deal with the gang to keep Bill and let the rest
of the children go as after eating Bill he would start his 27 year break again Why would a killer
demon clown not be willing to let these kids go anyways and just hunt the other kids in town to feed
as these kids are obviously trying to kill himPennywise seems to have unfathomable power as in a
scene IT is using hair from Beverlys sink to grab and pull her but in the final scene IT is having a
fist fight with a bunch of children couldnt IT control some sort of object found in the sewer
instead to do the same Why is IT choosing to not use ITs full power against people who are fighting
back but use such powerful methods when just trying to scare somebodyThe movie is riddled with
cliches about the bully having a really strict father the plot point that the only way they can
defeat the evil allpowerful shapeshifting demigod of a clown is to stick together and get over their
fears and of course the scene where the boys find Beverly levitating in midair while she is in a
complete state of trance  a coma and what brings her out of this is a kiss on the lips from one of
the boys before the movie ends Beverly is talking about this moment saying It was like being dead
but when she comes out of her coma she without taking a breath starts quoting the poem one of the
boys had sent herThe movie takes place during the three months of summer and ends with the start of
September where the kids still look bruised and battered from their fight So its safe to assume it
must have been like a week since it happened What were the kids doing the rest of the summer as they
started seeing the clown as soon as school was out Were they just having terrifying hallucinations
of a killer clown and then enjoying the rest of their summer at the beach before going out and
hunting it down The timespan of events in the movie dont seem to reflect the time it actually took
to accomplish themThis is the first time I have ever considered walking out of the cinema during a
movieSpoliersHonestly I was really excited about this movie like really excited I watched the
original IT this morning to get ready for it and have some reference And it was absolutely terrible
Seriously TERRIBLE Not only did I want to walk out the second Pennywise was shown in the beginning
but the rest was torture I was with other people so I couldnt walk out Heres the thing this is the
first time Ive ever been so disappointed with a movie that I went out of my way to write a review
about it The clown was not scary in the slightest The teeth were stupid The acting was a joke The
kids made a ton of terrible and sexual jokes It didnt stick to the original movie whatsoever They
took the youll float too a little too seriously It just plain sucked In the original the kids were
innocent and actually dorks but this was pathetic the way the kids were talking And why the hell did
we watch them in their underwear I still keep wondering how the hell this movie is rated above an 8
when it should be a disappointment for anyone who knows what a good movie is This was so much CGI
that it took away from the whole movie I could keep going but I think Ive made my point I wouldnt
waste your time or money Watch the trailer and thats as good as it gets UghIf youve ever seen the
original and you have even the slightest modicum of respect for originality story telling and
artistic integrity this movie should infuriate you Firstly it isnt really a movie There is no story
Its basically just a 2 hour collection of different sorts of scares The brilliance with the original
was that it was a story of kids torn apart by a traumatic event and then brought back together as
adults to face their fears and avenge their friend Great story But this version was essentially a
haunted house on the screen They abandoned the kid to adult story and just focused on a group of
kids getting scared There was way too much comedy being sprinkled throughout You know the lame kind
where the characters make some unoriginal comment and everyone in the movie theater bursts out
laughing like Dave Chappelle just hit his stride on stage And the random love stories among the kids
that didnt matter or further any narrative I could write a 10000 word essay going into the depths of
all that is wrong with this movie so Ill stop The worst of all is watching all of America fall in
love with this It makes me feel like a cynical jerk but I think really its just a clear sign of the
dumbing down of people on this earth No one respects or cares about great storytelling anymore Just
give them cheap popup scares and they will be happy It really is sadThis movie is horrible And not
in the Its a good horror movie sense either There is no coherent story to be seen here no pacing no
exposition There is literally no character developmentHow am I supposed to care for characters that
I never get to know I didnt care what happened to them The black kid the fat kid and the girl just
kinda join the group There is no development of the friendship or any kind of emotional bond boom
and theyre friends There is no story Its one jump scare after another interlaced with a story I put
that in quotes because after the story segments were often left more confused than before Now to the
horror This wasnt scary Not even remotely There was this one dude in the cinema that jumped at every
scary scene but he was hardly someone that could be considered a normal person The effects are
mostly done with CGI and are HORRIBLE Theyre so bad they border on the point of COMEDIC and yes I
did laugh out loud several times during the movie Most of the scares are either done with loud music
and fast sudden movement to startle you or scary disfigured corpses that look like wax dolls made in
a kindergarten classThats all it is Jump scares and awful story There is nothing scary about this
movie Nothing interesting or noteworthy The only reason its got such a high grade on IMDb is because
of the fanboys inflating the rating Itll drop soon enoughDONT be suckered in Dont go watch this
movie Its a waste of money and above all your precious time I WANT MY TWO HOURS BACKI went to an
advanced screening after spending the last two weeks pummeling through the book Contrary to what
some reviewers are saying this is not at all close to the book but that really isnt my main reason
for not being crazy about it I realize there were some time constraints but this felt like there was
basically nothing explained about the main characters backgrounds relationships nor their
motivations specifically Henry Bowers as the bully for hating them SO much is just assumed to be
because hes a bully At times I was confusing Eddie Richie and Stan because there was little
definable about them besides Stan wearing a yarmulke to identify him as Jewish and Richie wearing
glasses  it felt like these physical attributes were necessary because nothing distinguished their
personalities Pennywise was cast very well and I loved his voice and overall creepiness but it
couldnt make up for the fact that every time he and the main characters met it felt like a Tom and
Jerry routine They encounter him he bumbles it or they do something random and he runs off Overall I
just left feeling like there was so much that could have been expanded both story and characterwise
given the 135 minute running time I wasnt a huge fan of the 1990 TV miniseries probably since it was
20 years after it came out that I first saw it but it was more accurate and explained the
relationships more than this movie I just feel like I would have liked this more if it was maybe
called something else As it is this is not a movie version of the book It but a totally different
story using the same characters namesI havent seen a horror movie this bad in a long time Every
single jumpscare is predictable The ending is predictable just like EVERY other horror movie No plot
twistsThe whole movie is rushed because they wanted to focus on the final battle against evilDont waste your time watching this trashWe were lucky to watch that movie in teenfree premises which
allowed us to focus on the story without suffering jumps screams and laugh at their own jumps and
screams and repeatThat let us realize plot and twists were not part of the original budget I guess all the money went
to la llorona herselfThe room was full of adults we all laughed at how bad the acting was at times when the tropes were
too obvious by the end we were pissed we had not received money to waste two hours of our timeA
bunch of loud yelling and screaming A plot that has been done to death and just a mess of a movie
PeriodI actually ended up falling asleep its shame how unscary this movie portrays the weeping woman
What a waste of my time but at least I caught up on sleepThe curse of La Llorona dissapoints in
every aspect The cast is so cheap and the screenplay so poor The writers did not put any effort to
develop a smarter story with deep stuff or something You will only find a sad generic and pathetic
attempt to scare people La Llorona will make you cry for the wrong reasonThe stuff they are calling
horror nowadays is just HORRORble and nonsensical Just going after the shocking effect to thrill the
audience does not make a story good by a long shot There needs to be some everyday common sense on
how one reacts to things that dont make sense But whenever I thought the story would become smart it
became more and more asinine The sht thats being produced nowadays being called horror is a travesty
to the genre Gone are good ole days of great writing DONT BELIEVE THE POSITIVE REVIEWS This film is
the worstWhen i knew that it was in the conjuring universe I immediately wanted to see it and I knew
the curse of la llorona previously so it made me wanted to see it even more my brother and i went to
see it my brother is a huge fan of the the conjuring universeWe had high hopes for it and oh boy was it disappointingThe negativesLets start with how they didnt take advantage of the amazing story basically they told the story in
about two minutes and thats itthey did mention it once or twice afterward but it didnt do justice to
the story Second thing to talk about is the jump scares the movie consisted of jump scaresWith the examination of the first of thirty minutes after that it was either a jump scare or the
music leading to a jump scareThird thing is that the movie is a cliché you have your cliché kids that will get everyone killed to
get their toy and your cliché church that will tell you that they cant help you but theyll send you
to normally a ghost investigator but this time it was a shaman and many moreThats all i have to say if the movie did anything good it was that it made us laughRubbish Starts
with an OK story and starts to build it then regresses to how many jump scares can we fit into an
hour and a quarter predictable and boring if you like substance then stay away from this film I can
only think all of the people rating the film 1010 were asleep for the whole film as an hour and a
halfs sleep is the only thing that would have been worth doing throughout itJust another 2019 money
grab flick Dont waste your time Bad acting bad story bad cinematographyVery unoriginal story thanks
again hollywoodThis movie should have been named the La Gritona or naggingyelling woman I was
falling asleep during the movie buy the dang Gritona kept waking me lol Movie sucked periodThis is
probably the most overrated movie of all times Im not a huge horror fan and I get scared very easily
but this movie actually made me laugh or sigh in despair about the lengthiness of the scenes and the
predictability of the plot I read the novel when I was a teen and it beat the crap out of me I still
am afraid of bath tubs in hotel rooms embarrassing but true The novel is an all time favourite of me
and when I read all the great reviews about Kubicks Shining I was really looking forward to see the
movie What a mistake For all lovers of the book this is not a book adaptation Kubick made his own
storyunfortunately Not only does Dick Hallorann get murdered by Jack  the fact he survives in the
novel was one of the reasons I loved the book so much it has after all somewhat of a happy ending
but even worse Kubick turned the whole story around and twisted it to an extend where the original
plot is hard to recognize Jack Torrance is very obviously a mad man right from the beginning who
very openly hates his wife and kid so as others have pointed out before why didnt he leave his
family or killed them before The whole point of the novel the normal guy and loving father with a
hang to alcohol who gradually gets brainwashed by appearances in the hotel gets totally lost One
might wonder why the movie even needs the whole hotel plot if Torrance is already mad as a hatter
from the very beginning Apart from this I guess had I not read the novel I would probably not
understand one bit of what was going on with the characters But unfortunately thats not all Also the
performances of Nicholson and Duvall were so lousy it really crept me out Ive never seen Jack
Nicholson perform so badly he seemed like a parody of himself and dont get me started on Shelley
Duvall Periodically I thought I watched some amateur actor in a school play Her adaptation of Wendy
Torrance was so annoying I was staggered between the wish of seeing her chopped to pieces and the
wish to see her survive and protect her little boy The character Wendy in the novel is a strong
resourceful person the Wendy in the movie is a whiny weak and extremely stupid person The fact that
she lays down and sleeps while she is trapped with her sick son and a mad man in a hotel with no
contact to the outside world is beneath me The ending is probably the worst part of the entire movie
on the one hand its ecstasy as the film draws to an end on the other hand it is as far from the
original plot as can be which in this case is an extremely bad thing The only actor that impressed
me was Danny Lloyd apart from the fact that Kubick partly tried to turn him into a parody of Regan
MacNeil I think he did a fantastic job for the little six year old boy he was to that time He seemed
like the only natural actor on the scene All in all this movie was by far the biggest disappointment
Ive seen for a long time Save your time better read the bookI shall never ever be able to understand
the phenomenon known as Stanley Kubrick When he was on as with DR STRANGELOVE he was brilliant But
when he was bad he was awfulI saw THE SHINING in its first release in a packed movie house in New
York City I had read and loved Stephen Kings novel I am widely read in the horror genre and do not
scare easily but that book gave me the creeps for weeksWell for all the people who have been raving
what a masterpiece this film is I can only tell you this The crowd in the theatre started giggling
the minute Jack Nicholson appeared on film and by the time he chased Shelley Duvall up the stairs
the whole crowd was literally in stitches And I was laughing right along with them Maybe New York
audiences are just jaded I dont knowNot that this movie does not have some scary moments Shelley
Duvall is rather good when she is away from Nicholson and it starts to dawn on her that something
evil is taking over her family and her life Unfortunately Miss Duvall plays Wendy Torrance a strong
intelligent and resourceful woman in the novel as a pathetic whiny ninny most of the time and by the
time Nicholson had her trapped in the bathroom I am sure plenty of us were screaming for her head It
must be said that this is not the fault of Miss Duvall a talented and intelligent actress who
according to reports fought bitterly with Kubrick over his interpretation of WendyThe kid talking to
his finger is another idiotic and unintentionally hilarious bit of business that was not in the
original novel Why Kubrick thought this was a good idea is beyond meBut lets get down to the real
problem Jack Nicholson In the right role he can be very good though he has never been among my top
ten Jack Torrance is totally the wrong role for him for one thing he does not look ordinary enough
But the worst thing is that Stephen Kings story was about a man being SLOWLY AND INEXORABLY driven
out of his mind Nicholson goes nuts so early in the film that there is literally nowhere for him to
take the character And Kubrick was either in awe of Nicholson who was still riding the postOscar
high from CUCKOOS NEST or he just didnt care or he thought it was scary when it was actually funny I
dont knowAs if all this were not bad enough the whole mess drags on for two hours and twentytwo
minutes this movie practically cries out for a pair of scissorsSome people will feel that I have
spat on an icon I suppose and they have that right But Stephen King himself was not happy with this
film and when he finally got the opportunity to redo it as a television miniseries in 1997 the
results were much better For the one thing that is missing in Kubricks version is a heartAnne Rivers
Siddons in discussing her excellent horror novel THE HOUSE NEXT DOOR writes that the thing about
horror is that it smashes people and relationships Thus the best horror stories are at bottom also
very sad Brian De Palmas CARRIE gets this Kubricks film does not And whatever your feelings about
the miniseries format may be the Torrance family created in 1997 were people you could care about
Director Mick Garris understands King better than Kubrick did and Rebecca De Mornay in particular
redeems the Wendy character in a spectacular tourdeforce towards the end In 1980 the Torrances were
figures of fun Rather like the barbaric Victorian custom of laughing at the lunatics in BedlamAwful
awful awfulHow this film gained such high praise and notoriety completely escapes me I have seen
hundreds of films and this is easily the most incoherent bland and lifeless piece of work I can
recall seeing especailly by such a renowned filmmaker And yes I hated 2001 A Space Odyssey as well
Long drawnout boring lifeless film packed full of irrelevant imagery and symbolism that amounts to a
filmmaker who doesnt know how to tell an intelligent story with solid characters and emotions That
is the same exact problem hereFirst off Shelley DuVall added nothing of value to the film She was
blah from beginning to end No endearing qualities whatsoever The whole film was a failed experiment
thinking that random creepy irrelevant images coupled with an incoherent story progression devoid of
any character arcs would be successful Kubrick had no sense of scene transitions He shows no ability
to allow one scene to flow into another to give it fluidity or convey that he has an overall
consistent vision The inconsistency over what aspect ratio he intended for it is further proof that
he had no concrete vision in my honest opinion A solid competent talented director knows what they
want and are very confident in their visions They have a very clear idea of how they want things
viewed by every audience everywhere Thats why directors and DPs hate it when their films are put
into the panandscan format Kubrick also fails to have his DP shoot or light 98 of the scenes
intriguingly Watching this it was like watching an old TVmovie  dull uninspired and lifeless Yeah
the steadicams and dolly shots are all impressive but sometimes scenes seem to exist just to show
off the cool camera moves they can do Scenes which contribute absolutely nothing to the overall film
in any aspect Being a filmmaker myself I am of the belief that every scene should have a purpose to
either the plot or characters of the film Anything else is a waste And beyond those steadicam and
dolly shots its essentially bland for nearly the entire film Almost zero interesting angles and
amateurish editing skills Yawn inducing cinemaGood story progression would show Jack Torrance
starting out as a well adjusted happy family man that gradually descends into complete psychosis and
homicidal mania Instead Kubrick shows him as already a man dissatisfied with his life marriage son
and career Then Kubrick just flashes a title card on the screen saying One Month Later and Jack is
already deteriorated towards the verge of madness Thats shoddy storytelling and a hacks idea of
executing a character arc No cause is given to why he becomes a homicidal maniac Theres also no
correlation between all the surreal nightmarish imagery Its completely random and doesnt evolve into
revealing a story behind its origins All this surrealism is just an excuse for it to be labeled
horror as it doesnt serve an underlying purpose as to why anything is happening amongst the
characters They dont confront deal or resolve the reasons or purpose behind it all Its just there to
make the film bizarreNow I dont mind methodically paced films as long as theres a purpose to it all
Any talented editor could make this a much more effective film by chopping a good 35 minutes or more
out of it Horror films require momentum to equal good pacing and good pacing is necessary for solid
tension Still even if there was tension and good pacing fact is really there are no endearing
characters in this film for me to build any sympathy for I dont care what happens to them because
theyre one dimensional emotionless weakwilled people How this family could even coexist for five
minutes is beyond me let alone how they survived a more than three hour drive up to the hotel in the
first placeThis film is almost complete trash because it shows the filmmakers have no intelligence
or coherence for the movie they were attempting to make There are enormously better conceived and
executed films from this time that proved far more effective If you want isolation and paranoia
check out John Carpenters The Thing If you want surrealism go rent Don Coscarellis original
PhantasmRarely have I seen a masterpiece of literature turned into a pile of horse
manurePROBLEMSSPOILERS1JACK NICHOLSON Hugely miscastThe descent into madness is supposed to be
gradual This Jack looked like he was already going to murder his family2SCRIPTAlthough the names and
basic plot are in placeguy goes loopey in hotel a lot of the scenes in the film I could not remember
readingeg two girlsblood in lift Why did Kubrick drift from the book Mostly he didnt drift in A
Clockwork Orange so why herePlus the characters were one dimensional cardboard cutouts so how could
I pity them3SHELLY DUVALLDeserved to die she was that annoying The Wendy in the book is strong
willed and not a pathetic loser The reason they went to the Overlook was to save their
marriage4ENDINGJack did not freeze to death in the snow In the book it showed that Jack was still
human enough to recognise his love for his son The frozen scene here left me with a feeling of
disgust that the pinnicale of the book had been replaced for a cheap shockWATCH THE TV SERIES
INSTEAD BUT READ THE BOOK FIRSTI never did understand the appeal of this terrible movie Mind you I
could probably say the same about most movies directed by Stanley Kubrick He is one of those
directors who produces very long boring movies that move at a snails pace and are really difficult
to withstand for more than a few minutes at a time Movies such as 2001 A SPACE ODYESSY DR
STRANGELOVE and SPARTACUS are examples of this kind of movieAs many other commenters have pointed
out Stephen King didnt like this movie because it was not faithful to the book In fact he hates it
so much that 15 years or so after he made his own movie entitled STEPHEN KINGS THE SHINING Ive never
seen the other version But anything with his name attached is normally worth watching so Ill at
least make the effort to track it down It really couldnt be any worse than this tripe churned out by
Stanley KubrickIve heard THE SHINING being referred to as scary terrifying masterpiece classic
thrilling horrifying and so on Yeah right This movie does not even come close to producing anything
equating to those words The only horrifying thing about it is how it became so popularWhere can I
start with the problems of this movie Lets start with Jack Nicholson I thought Jack Nicholson was
great as The Joker in Tim Burtons BATMAN but in this he doesnt even seem to be acting He plays a
character who is supposed to become insane as the story progresses Yet it is very clear from Jacks
first scenes that his character has already got a few screws loose And that stupid Heres Johnny line
Was it supposed to be scary Funny What Who knows It was just downright stupid as far as Im concerned
Yeah I know it was a reference to Johnny Carson but whats Johnny Carson got to do with this movie
The answer absolutely nothing at allAnd Shelley Duvall What can I say about her She looks like Olive
Oyl from the POPEYE cartoons How ridiculous Somehow the viewer is expected to believe that her
character and Jack are married with a kid Yeah right There is no chemistry between the two actors at
allFinally Scatman Crothers I have great respect for this actor He appeared in TWILIGHT ZONE THE
MOVIE and it was one of the very dull segments Yet his superb performance gave it credibility and
the story touched upon my emotions In THE SHINING however Mr Crothers is there just to be killed and
I dont suppose he was bothered about his character being killed off considering how lame the movie
is It was probably just a paycheck used to pay off a few debts And the ridiculous thing is that the
character in question never dies in the bookI honestly cant believe that people think this movie is
better than classics such as THE EXORCIST THE OMEN and THE Texas CHAIN SAW MASSACRE But yet this
movie has a higher IMDb rating and is sitting very comfortably on the top 250 chart Nonetheless that
wont alter the fact that the three mentioned movies put THE SHINING to shame any dayStephen Kings
SALEMS LOT was infinitely superior to this movie Personally I think the director of that movie Tobe
Hooper should have been asked to direct THE SHINING We would have had an infinitely superior movie
Trust me Ive seen plenty of Mr Hoopers movies and he very rarely fails to disappoint THE FUNHOUSE
was a low point of Mr Hoopers career but even that movie looks like Oscarworthy material compared to
THE SHININGOverall I would not recommend this at all Ive not seen STEPHEN KINGS THE SHINING so I
cant really recommend it just yet But I would recommend checking out some proper horror movies such
as SALEMS LOT PSYCHO THE EXORCIST THE OMEN THE Texas CHAIN SAW MASSACRE just to name a fewI am
dismayed at the overwhelming positive response to this garbage of a movie The only explanation I can
come up with is the responses are affected by what I can the Genius Effect and time The Genius
Effect which Im sure someone else probably has coined  but if not Ill take credit would dictate that
if the filmmaker is a genius then the film is a work of genius and must be excellent Since I dont
consider Kubrick a genius I dont think all he had done was great Some of it was OK probably the best
was FULL METAL JACKET but I digress I do think this point has some merit because reviews of Eyes
Wide Shut were very good and very recently it was revealed that Kubrick himself thought it was bad
see Guardian Unlimited Film httpfilmguardiancouknewsstory0188807700htmlThe other effect time is more
of what I remember people saying when the movie first came out There were many comments that it
shouldnt be considered a horror film but rather a comedy because audiences were laughing more than
screaming and not just at the funny moments ie Heres Johnny It seems audiences are more kind as time
goes by or at least in this case anywayThe acting in this film is absolutely atrocious especially
that of Shelley Duvall which one IMDb user stated is very naturalistic It does not seem like acting
at all Thats because it isnt It is flat and unemotional even when she tries to be emotional Jack
Nicholson doesnt become crazy due to isolation hes nuts from the beginning His characters dealing
with his wooden family doesnt beg the question Why does he want to kill his family but Why didnt he
do so long before this Not saying I condone injury to the dull and irritating but being locked up
with those two would put anyones nerves on edge I cant believe they survived the car ride to the
hotelNeedless to say I didnt find THE SHINING scary in any way even when I saw it at age 11 By then
I had the wits scared out of me by a far worse movie ITS ALIVE gimme a break I was 7 After that I
have yet to be scared by any other movie and THE SHINING never even came closeIn all honesty I have
tried to give THE SHINING a reasonable chance Ive seen it more than five times thinking I must be
missing something Each time it gets worseAll right Ive already written one review for this movie
But Ive gotten lots of hate mail since then because I was told I did not explain enough So here
goesLots of spoilers are comingLets start with the actors  Jack Nicholson puts on a terrific
performance in this movie  I will say that much  However I hate to say that is the ONLY good thing
about this movie  The woman cant even remember her name is one of the worst actors I have ever seen
She was just annoying and I was pleading with the movie for her death  The little boy in his
slobbering fits made me just want to puke  No the only good thing about this movie was NicholsonThe
plot is not too bad but is to be honest very lame  He is a caretaker and must take care duh of the
hotel during the winter its closed season He takes his wife and child to live up thereNothing
happens for the longest time  It is just such a boring movie  I was so sick of it by the time
Nicholson started losing it  By the way he loses it for no reason  The movie doesnt explain anything
Ive never read the book so Im guessing youd have to read the book to understand ANYTHING  The kid
has a magical talent or something called the Shining but this has nothing to do with the movie  I
was at a total lossTheres a rather grotesque scene involving a naked woman that really made me want
to shut this off  But something drew me in I guess I just wanted to see how bad it could really
getWhoo I wish I didnt do thatIt just gets worse and worse after that  The plot falls short with
tons of holes the storyline is absolutely boring and crooked and the climax is TOTALLY predictable
I knew that the black guy would go up to the hotel get killed and the woman and child would take the
vehicle and escapeThe music is so horribly screechy that I just wanted to clap my ears and cause
deafness every five minutes  But I guess it fits the grotesque atmosphere of the movieI was utterly
disgusted by this movie  If this is supposedly the best of horror I will never want to watch the
horror genre again for fear of seeing its worstThis entire movie could have been viewed with
subtitles and everything on fast forward Low on dialogue and storytelling and skyhigh on KubrikHype
his Godawful long shots were as deadly as Jack Nicholsons axe they killed the movie and any suspense
it attempted to createI literally watched the last part of this movie on fast forward The
Kubrikesquire long shots are an absolute drag and the producers should have worked more on the
script to let people understand the story moreTry watching a few scenes on fast forward and youll
get the joke Absolutely unacceptable The story is not served in any way by watching a wellacted
freak with an axe limp across a halfmile hallway or an old black guy walk 6inch stride by 6inch
stride across the same bloody hallway for five minutesAll movie adaptations worthy to be mentioned
should have enough material within the contents of the movie for people who have NOT read the book
to understand ENOUGH so as to get the general story right This adaptation does not do anything of
the sort Unacceptable scriptwriting and unacceptable direction I forgave Kubrik on 2001 A Space
Odyssey but after watching The Shining in hindsight his clichéd long shots and his awful
storytelling puts him in one of the directors whose work I consistently do not enjoyThis film is
easily one of the most overrated films of all time A below average film at best Honestly though  Its
bad and extremely overrated No wonder Stephen King hates this film I dont blame him I hate it too
And by the looks of this review section Im not the only one that hates it besides Stephen King John
Jack Torrances character from the Novel is butchered in this film Wendy Torrance is a complete joke
compared to the Novel version of hereven Rebecca De Mornay is a much better and more book accurate
Wendy Torrance in the freaking TV movie The Shining Richard Dick Halloranns character is a complete
waste in this film and dies in this overrated pos movie unlike in the real MASTERPIECE the Novel
where he survives Danny Torrance talking to his finger and not seeing the older grown up version of
himself is also a waste and a total joke in this film The only reason I gave it a 3 instead of a 1
is because Stanley Kubricks unique and great filming is on display but unfortunately Stanley Kubrick
failed at everything else with this film This film is not scary at all it has pacing issues hammy
and bad performances from every actor and actress in the film except for Danny Lloyd who gave a
solid and good acting performance for being so young And for the topping on the cake this film is
also a terrible film adaptation of the far superiorbetter Novel This film somehow someway has an
8410 rating My God LMAO This extremely overrated film is nowhere close to the REAL big league
filmsStephen King film adaptations like The Shawshank Redemption and The Green Mile especially The
Shawshank Redemption Stand By Me The Body is the books title is also a much better film and King
movie adaptation and so is the film and Stephen King film adaptation Misery  Mary Lamberts and
Stephen Kings Pet Sematary 1989 film adaptation of Stephen Kings Pet Sematary Novel is a far more
scary and horrifying film than 1980s The Shining Both films have hammy and bad acting from the lead
actors and actresses but Pet Sematary to a far less degree and its much scarier and a more
horrifying film So is Stephen Kings ITthe 2017 2019 and 1990 versionsall three versionsbut the 2017
and 2019 versions of IT has great acting to go along with the great horror and scariness and
creepinessLike I said Stanley Kubricks 1980s The Shining is one of the most overrated films of all
time The Shining Novel by Stephen King is much better and far superior I bet the upcoming sequel
Doctor Sleep will be a much better film and Stephen King film adaptation than this film but will
probably get a lower rating simply because its not directed by Stanley Kubrick who passed away years
ago Rest in peace to the guy and he was an overall good Director but his fans are obnoxious and have
overrated every movie he has ever directed There are better films than Stanley Kubrick films and
there are better Directors than Stanley KubrickThe suspense was ruined scene after scene by bad
editing Jack Nicholson was never credible as a sane Jack Torrence This should have been billed as
loosely inspired by Stephen Kings The Shining Left out the topiary a very important aspect of horror
in the book and whats with the repeated shots of the elevator of blood I think the ONLY reason this
has gotten decent ratings is because it has Stanley Kubricks name attached to it If it had the
director as Alan Smithee I doubt it would have gotten above a 3 rating If you want to see a very
faithful adaptation of the novel rent the miniseries Stephen Kings The Shining Shelley Duvall an
accomplished actress was reduced to a whimpering sniveling extra And whats with the finger redrum In
the book Tony lived in the back of his throat not in his finger About the only thing worth watching
in this movie is Scatman even though they changed his role quite dramatically from the book This
movie appears to have been made to show how insane Jack Nicholson can act as he is really about the
only thing featured in the movie Those that rated it well obviously never have touched the bookThere
were so many things wrong with this movie i have trouble keeping them all straight But one thing
that really bothers me is that if Jigsaw was the one laying on the ground in the bathroom what
happens if Zep never shows up What if Zep was killed by Danny Gloover before he made it to the
bathroom Does Jigsaw simply just get up and walk out Could the guy in the middle of the bathroom not
be jigsaw but another part of Jigsaws game What if Zep killed the wife and kid how does Jigsaw get
him the antidote for the poison if hes lying in the middle of the bathroom Why does the doctor wait
till the last minute to finally cut off his foot It was too late it was after six and as far as he
knew his wife and child were already shot dead it wasnt the best time for heroics These are just a
few questions i had about the film but i may be missing something or everything as i have only seen
the movie once Please HelpThere are some actors who are terrific no matter whos directing them Paul
Bettany Denzel Washington There are others who are irredeemably awful in absolutely anything Ryan
ONeal comes to mind And then there are guys like Cary Elwes He was dynamite in The Princess Bride
every bit as swashbuckling and fun to watch as Errol Flynn He shines in ensemble pieces equally
convincing as the desperately manipulative Thomas H Ince in Peter Bogdanovichs pathetically
underseen The Cats Meow and as a fat balding prissy theater producer in Cradle Will Rock Of course
it helps that all these are good movies which the generic horror flick Saw is notNot that it doesnt
try Its got that grinding industrialmetal soundtrack to get us all edgy when the film itself cannot
Its got those hypermotion quickcuts the same kind used in the remake of Thirteen Ghosts which at
least knew how lame it was and was thus easier to take with tongue firmly in cheek Perhaps using the
gore factor which there isnt much of Shaun of the Dead was gorier than this to patch up some gaping
747size holes in the plot Saw cheerfully telegraphs the shock moments using some halfwayclever plot
twists that almost make sense at the time but on second thoughtwhat a messAnyway heres the setup A
kid named Adam Leigh Whannell who wrote the script wakes up in a nasty old bathroom chained to a
huge pipe in the wall Opposite him is Dr Lawrence Gordon Elwes similarly chained and even more
confused Between them lay a dead man his head apparently halfblown away holding a gun in one hand
and a tape recorder in the other Its all revealed to be the work of the Jigsaw Killer who devises
unique lifeordeath scenarios for unsuspecting flawed folk to work their way out of or die Set this
in a giant threedimensional Rubiks Cube and you have the much more intriguing Cube set it in another
unnamed city with Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman hunting a deranged Biblenut you get Se7enWhannell has
obviously seen and studied them bothSo Adam and Dr Gordon are trapped together for reasons that are
calmly explained away in a series of flashbacks The goal Gordon must kill Adam with whatever
implements are at hand or else his wife and daughter will buy the farm And yes in a toilet stall
they find a couple of hacksawsNothing is what it seems of course and I have to report that I saw the
final denouement coming from the first twenty minutes The enigmatic Jigsaw Killer is a lot like the
alien race out to destroy humanity in Independence Day faceless and just plain bad bad bad Kevin
Spaceys genuinely chilling John Doe from Se7en may have been a fairly onenote character but at least
we were given reasons for his psychosisand whats more we believed them Saws killer is given a
perfunctory motivation but it all rings as offkey as the actingFirsttime director James Wan wastes
Danny Glover as a cop obsessed with the case and his demise is a complete letdown He delivers some
nice gruesome moments but since I saw pun not really intended them coming theyre not much more than
Pavlovian audience buzzers Judging by the general crowd reaction Saw will get plenty of word of
mouth help from the high school set make a nice tidy little profit and since a sequel has already
been announced old Jigsaw will likely be around torturing people for no apparent reason for some
timeThis review does not necessarily expose the plot of the movie however it may change ones
expectations of the movie and thus make for a less enjoyable experience Ever rented a scary movie
expecting to be on the edge of your seat in fear and instead ended up howling in laughter at each
and every stupid turn of the plot This movie had so many opportunities to impress and actually scare
the viewer It was cut poorly and jumped around too much making references to the past seem more like
excuses as to why the plot was heading in its particular direction The writers must not have thought
about how the potentially excellent plot should have been carried out because the poor construction
of time throughout the plot is discouraging to the viewer and makes the movie increasingly tiring to
watchAlmost worse than the writers having abused what could have been an excellent and classic
thriller was the fact that it gradually relied on cheap tactics for a scare The acting didnt make it
scary and the situations hardly made it scary therefore it needed a few dark scenes with things
jumping out at you to make it worthwhile Even those were predictableNot even the gore couldve saved
the plot and it rivals the gore of the successful thriller Se7enSpeaking of Se7en I feel like Saw
tried to follow Se7ens incredibly fascinating psychological theme but failed miserably in doing so I
was terribly disappointed in the lack of analysis and plot structure surrounding the psychology of
the killer The beginning scenes tease the viewer into thinking that this is a psychological thriller
believe me it is far from thatOh did I mention poor acting At first Cary Elwes seems makes a
convincing performance however this completely deteriorates at the most crucial parts of the plot I
was left in tears of laughter at this performance which is worthy of a Razzie The performance of
Leigh Whannell is also terrible and too playedout although not as bad as the performance by Elwes
and the big red flag with this is that Whannell is also a writer for the movieThe end of Saw could
never make up for having lost the entire middle of it and that is what makes it a huge failure It
was an opportunity wasted and I have no clue as to why Monica Potter and Danny Glover chose to take
roles in this movieI am mad at myself for wasting money on just renting it It was definitely not
worth the 4 and in the future I will definitely avoid seeing anything having to do with Elwes
Whannell or James Wan The big tragedy in this is not that it lacked basis to its plot its that the
great potential storyline was thrown away and poor acting added insult to injury Ill avoid the poor
puns involving the title and just conclude with this dont watch this movieThis was the most
unrealistic movie I ever seenI cant believe that the writer and director didnt see that almost all
the movie looks like a SF oneFor example 1 It is impossible for the killer to stay on cold glaze and
after 10 hours to get up so quickly2 You cant get electrocuted trough a water pipe like in the
moviebelieve me its my domain3 With a saw you can cut 10 pipes in 10 hour very easy Lets say that
the chain was made from steel but the water pipe was rusty and it was made from iron4 If you try to
cut your foot with a saw you faint in the best case its more likely to die because your hart fails
before to get to the boneshinAnd there are more other examplesThis movie is a poor attempt of an
intellectual horror movie I was shocked to later learn that the movie had received box office
acclaim and a 75 rating in IMDb Dont know which ones worst the plot or the intelligence of most
people who thought this movie was great It looked as though the writer was up late one night
watching an episode of Survivorwhile flipping channels to MTV where Nine Inch Nails were playing and
subconsciously thought to himself What if the challenges were sadistic I could turn it in to a
horror movie Clearly didnt pay attention to the storyline as it was littered with loose plots
Completely pretentious and a time wasterSEVEN or se7en whatever was a really good film The killer
Kevin Spacey was presented in such a way as to challenge us the audience about what we really
believed about the nature of good and evil and the status of those concepts in our current society
His madness was affective with an a because of the degree of method it involved He was a smart guy
who had really thought about what he was doing and honestly believed that he was right That we could
almost thats the key identify with him made him all the scarier and all the more
thoughtprovokingUnlike seven SAW is pure fluff This movie has nothing of consequence to say about
anything It has pretensions of being in a similar vein as SEVEN but any similarities between the two
movies exist only at the most superficial level Its like writing a harlequin romance in iambic
pentameter and comparing it to ShakespeareThe movie has all the typical elements of a provocative
psychological thriller but without any unifying principle to legitimate them There are plenty of
bizarre murders and plot twists but in the end the only point behind any of it is gratuitous shock
value Picture the filmmakers prodding you in the arm saying That was some pretty messed up sht huh I
especially disliked the murder sequences that looked and sounded like Nine Inch Nails videos Its
works for about 2 12 seconds at which point you ask yourself what exactly is the point here
anywayUnlike Spaceys character in SEVEN the serial killer in SAW is just some old guy whos angry at
the world because hes dying of cancer Thus he decides to punish people he feels are taking their
healthy lives for granted by coming up with twisted games in which theyre forced to kill or mutilate
themselves or others to remain alive the lesson supposedly being that one should value ones own life
over everything else including the lives of others In my opinion this is a shallow nihilistic
philosophy thats about as profound as Nazism Overall SAW is a pointless exploitation flick that is
nowhere nearly as interesting as it pretends to beI have to admit that its not entirely without
craft I have seen worse movies  WAY worse in fact but the end result I found to be primarily
irritating for the simple reason that SAW DOES NOT DELIVER THE GOODS If it didnt promise them in the
first place this would be okay I probably would have given it 5 or 6 stars but as I have been
arguing that is not the case I could overlook the plot holes and hackneyed genre conventions if the
movie professed to be frivolous entertainment and nothing more But it doesnt It tries to pass itself
off as a truly disturbing and serious film If this is the criteria by which SAW is to be judged it
fails miserablyUnfortunately the lowest I can go on the rating scale is a 1 Never have I seen a
movie with such a GREAT premise and promising directing lose so much because of the acting Carey
Elwes was extremely disappointing for such a seasoned actor I mean this was suppose to be a scary
movie and I couldnt help but laugh at the over dramatized way Elwes told Wannell he would send help
to get him Wannells work wasnt nearly as bad and hes a newcomer Overall this could have been a great
movie given some better actors major script adjustment and WAY more than 18 days to shoot I mean
give me a break Youve got two guys chained at the ankle on either side of what appears to be a
bathroom and a supposedly dead guy in the middle of the floor and youre telling me that neither of
them one being a doctor notice that hes breathing What did he do hold his breath for 8
hoursComparing this movie to Se7en and Silence of the Lambs is just plain ridiculous Sam Raimi did a
better job with The Evil Dead his first time aroundThe only thing scary about this movie was the
actingWhenever I write a review my conscience tells me to think of all the talented people who put
so much time and effort into their project Be fair I hear it say On the other hand thinking of the
readers of these reviews there are times when a dose of brutal honesty is the only optionDirector
James Wan and actor Leigh Wannell cowrote Saw therefore they have to accept the burden of
culpability for what I can only describe as one of the worst films I have ever seen This is quite
remarkable considering that the opening denouement promises so much as we find Mr Wannell waking up
to a living nightmare He and fellow actor Cary Elwes find themselves chained by the ankles on either
side of what can only be described as the bathroom from Hell with what is presumably a dead body
between them The only clean object is a clock on the wall Ticking We look forward to a psychological
dramawhat we get instead is a convoluted story centred on a character known as Jigsaw a sadistic
evildoer who gives his victims the chance of life if they are willing to sacrifice others This is
explained to us via flashbacks lots of flashbacks This gives us the opportunity to see Ken Leung as
Detective Sing and his partner Danny Glover as Detective Tapp in a double act straight from the
Lethal Weapon school of acting  which is actually remarkably good compared with our two leads
trapped in the bathroom who are gradually running through every emotional gamut in an effort to
convince us of What Well this is where the problem lies We have spent one fifth of the running time
trying to establish characters plot development direction We have nothing Mr Elwes playing the part
of a surgeon and Mr Wannell as a downatheel photographer have both tried tensionbreaking comedic
breakingdown emotional and shouty We shall leave them for a while as they bond fall out solve clues
fail miserably to escape before their deadline etc Meanwhile we can continue with the flashbacks and
find out just how easy it is for our two inept detectives to bond solve clues and go after the
homicidal maniac all on their ownOh by the way did I mention Zep the rather sinister hospital
orderly or John Dr Gordons patient with an inoperable frontal lobe tumour How about the good doctors
wife Alison and daughter Diana Well they all pop up in the inevitable flashbacks Eventually
everybody doctorwife daughter policeman who is still alive photographer patient extremely patient
reviewer get together in a Grand Guignol finish Oh sorry  you want me to save onehundred minutes of
your life Here goes Doctor has to kill photographer by six oclock in order to save his wife and
daughter who are being held by orderly who has been poisoned by maniac who will only give him
antidote if he kills doctors wife and daughter Detective who went insane after maniac killed his
partner is paying photographer to follow doctor who he thinks is maniac Orderly fails to follow
through due to not tying doctors wife properly detective arrives fights orderly speededup car chase
a la Keystone Kops  no idea why Both end up in the sewers detective dies Doctor loses concentration
realises it is now gone six saws through his own ankle shoots photographer but fails to kill him
Drags himself out of bathroom Reviewer loses concentration What we thought was a dead body in the
bathroom turns out to be patient John aka Jigsaw who gets up and kindly tells photographer that key
to padlock is in bath  same bath that photographer emptied of water at beginning of film thus
leaving him trapped there JohnJigsaw leavesTo sum up a film with sadistic overtones poor acting what
we can only presume to be an unfinished script ludicrous plot and loose ends inevitably leading to
sequels which fortunately for all of us I shall not be either viewing or reviewingWhilst IMDb offer
no clues as to the ages of reviewers I feel fairly confident in declaring that most of the people
who give this film a vote of seven or more would be below thirty It would be interesting to see what
would happen if they all came back in twenty years and revised their votesWell to be honest I have
seen worse moviesbut not many I was fortunate enough to see this movie at its Las Vegas sneak peek a
week before it opened Needless to say I did my best to forget it but after seeing a sign for Saw at
the local dollarmovietheater my friends and I began to joke with my friends in the car about the
wretchedness that simply was this film An interesting concept at first glance but in retrospect
there are a lot of films about serial killers that a far better than this and the only thing that is
interesting about the idea is that this murderer is just a little more artsy and creative Once you
get past the acting of Leigh Whannell the first five minutes minutes arent bad but then its all down
hill from there From the cheap hypertensionpop out scares to the cookie cutter chase scenes this
movie blowshard Typically I enjoy Danny Glover and he has given many worthwhile performances He was
definitely the best part of this film but he was phoning the whole thing inlogically that can tell
you what the rest of the movie was like Whannell is completely awful throughout and made my nuts
hurt just watching him attempt to act Typically when someone hears you make such a critique they say
Oh yeah like you could do better Well in this case I would have to say Yes Cary Elwes who I also
typically love is so bad in the last scene of the film that I began to question whether or not it
was SUPPOSED to be funny The acting was certainly as bad as the directing and script If I do have
one good thing to say about this steaming pile of monkey shirt its that all parts are equally
terrible How anyone could put this movie in the same class as Se7en or any of the Carpenter Craven
Hooper and Barker films is beyond be This film is pure excrement When this comes out on DVD which
will probably be in a month save the two hrs it takes to watch and teach a k under privileged kid
how to read Save the twenty bucks and give it to a homeless guy cause him buying a bottle of vodka
with it is better spent than buying this movieI saw this film in seventh grade And liked it i even
brought myself to comparing it to The Silence of the Lambs at one point How i dont know I thought of
it in such a way i even showed it to one of my friends about two months later and told him it was
better than Dawn of the Dead For this i should be tarred and feathered BUT upon this second viewing
i started to notice things Things that I didnt notice the first time That viewing took me to a place
i have only been to on two other occasions but I wont get into that now Ill just say that when the
movie was over i had to apologize to my friend for lying and rethink this movie over and overThe
first aspect of this movie i hated was the editing Are we watching MTV or what i beg one of you
readers to count how long the longest shot in one of the escape scenes is You wont touch 4 seconds
Maybe 3 Perhaps the tension would build a little bit if the camera relaxed and waited for a human
being who is not on speed to catch up with it At least that way we know what were afraid of instead
of picturing the 1100 second flashes of the scary thingsThe acting was atrocious and not in a
charming horror movie way The second leading man cant do a thing to cover up a British accent and
Cary Elwes gave one of the worst performances in cinematic history Why would the casting department
hie a man who cant give a cry of pain to save himself from a real cry of pain And Danny Glover Does
anything even need to be said YES What a bad role for even an only good in one movieTenenbaums actor
We see know descent into madness This is most likely because of the poor and pathetic writing or the
subpar performance given for a subpar movieCome to think of it I cant think of one actor in this
movie who Id like to see in anything else unless they were playing a struggling and out of work
actor IronicNow for the development flaws Ill start with the obvious one how can it be that two
healthy men can sit in a room for hours with a dead man WHO IS BREATHING Do they expect us to buy
that An idiot maybeWhich isnt saying much for Saw fans Not to mention that they spent a good amount
of time near the beginning of the film focusing directly on the dead man Next the killers whole
philosophy about how he doesnt actually kill people he causes people to kill themselves What My
metaphor is that if you put a landmine in the front yard of a daycare center and wait for recess you
didnt do anything wrong Its the kids fault they walked onto the landmine that you put there Who
honestly thinks this makes sense Be honest Also this killer claims to give everyone a chance to get
out of his traps But Dr Gordon has to kill Adam in order to get out and save his family This gives
Adam what kind of chance On the tape never does our killer mention a way for Adam to be saved This
goes against his whole philosophy The flashback in which the girl is let free There are numerous
things that bother me about this sequence For one the principle that i applied to the Adam situation
applies to the drugged stranger laying on the floor with his stomach cut open Also the cancerridden
killer is somehow able to rig up a creepy doll to ride a tricycle and turn its head Thats just
unrealistic for lack of a better word Last but certainly not least she later says that he helped her
Why Because he got her off drugs I know about drugaddicts and an experience like that would not want
to make them do less drugs And this helps her better than say rehab Also if this helping principle
is applied to every case how does it apply to Dr Gordon and Adams situation Will killing a virtually
innocent human being help a man with his infidelity problems Cheating on your wife is not nearly as
bad as killing a man Apparently I disagree with the killer Too bad What was Adams wrongdoing in the
first placeWhy would a man who is just an orderly at a hospital who appears to be the killer at
first but soon is rectified take pleasure in tying up a mother and daughter at gunpoint Not only
does he do that but he listens to the girls heartbeat as he points the gun at her mothers head What
was cause this guy to think that his killer is the only possessor of the antidote to his poison Id
rather go for help hoping that the cure isnt Tridium And even if the killer DID have the only
antidote how would a cancerridden old man obtain possession of such a rare substance And it never
thoroughly explains what Zep did to deserve such shabby treatment from the killerFinally The Twist
OOOHHH How surprising Why Because we as an audience dont expect a man whose living should have been
apparent to our two main characters hours earlier The movie all builds up to these two wordsGame
Over But not my review No How is the game over Weve left a still alive Adam mother daughter and Dr
Gordon unspoken for OK we can assume that the killer kills Dr Gordon but what about the rest of the
characters Once again the movie leads up to Game Over Probably because this movie accomplishes about
as much for the film industry as a bad Video Game that no one remembers Wait Whats the
differenceAbout a minute into this film I squealed out of fear when they put the Annabelle doll into
frame I have a genuine fear of dolls like this They freak me out Therefore I was excited about this
movie  I sincerely thought that there would finally be another movie out there that would manage to
scare me I have 3 in total so far Sadly this is not the case The movie was boring and predictable
The worst thing was that they have this terrifying creatureobjectthing to make good use of and they
failed miserably at using it Im genuinely disappointed at the reuse of the same old washed up horror
storyline Howd this script even get approved booo I wish I wrote it so they could actually see what
fear of a doll is hahaI have watched many many scary movies some good some bad none truly scary
Anyone who reviewed this film as scary or awesome obviously has not seen the film This is a complete
snorefest from start to finish I saw perhaps 3 jump out of seat scenes where it was totally
predictable on it and was yawning each time The conjuring was a terrific film and this one is just
trying to score big bucks off that name with 14 the budget I was left feeling angry and cheated
There was no depth no character relation no storyline nothing to get you even remotely into the film
except saw the previews this is gonna be so good  feeling you saw when you watched the previews and
couldnt wait for this to come out A complete letdown in all aspects except the fact it actually
ended and I could go do something elseThere was such huge potential for this movie to be scary
Extremely creepy looking doll backstory from The Conjuring  an old house and a baby But instead of a
genuinely haunting movie we were subjected to an insulting plot with ZERO scares I am not
exaggerating There were zero scary parts in this Lots of zooming in on the creepy dolls face You
expect something to happen at this point The head to move the mouth to open the eyes to blink But no
there was nothing Just a slow zooming in shot of a stationary inanimate dollLook at the movies
budget vs profit and youll see why the producers wanted to make this movie It was simply a cash
making exercise with no thought given to the plotThis should not be classed as a horror movie Ive
seen Scooby Doo cartoons which were scarier than thisI had high hopes for this movie having liked
The Conjuring but I was sadly disappointed There were only 4 shock scares throughout the whole
movieIt seemed to me the doll was not even possessed just a demon who enjoyed playing with it I
actually noticed more bloopers then scares I found the characters where just thrown together with no
development and outside characters made no sense as to why they were even in the movie since they
added nothing I believe that this movie would have been best served going strait to DVD instead of
being offered in movie theaters For the lack of any attempt to develop the characters or even
attempt to make the doll demon possessedIE moving around on its own glowing eyes The one time they
actually showed the doll moving by its self was portrayed as a demon holding it Overall it was a
major disappointment Definitely not a must see move of 2014OK first of all I decided to make an IMDb
account just to write a review about how crap this movie was I cannot believe how poor this movie
was it made me so angry and irritated me the acting was horriblethe characters were just not very
convincing I was not scared through this movie I kept watching it hoping that its going to get
better but it didnt The conjuring was so much better the acting the plot was so much better Do not
even waste your time watching this movie Annabelle because you will only be disappointed overall Im
giving this movie a 0 out of 10I just wasted like a hour and half of my life watching this movie
Through the whole movie Annabel doesnt even seem to move at least in the chuckie movies you saw
chuckie walking talking etc and then what tripped me out is why the hell would the lady mia go down
to put something in storage and leave her baby in the apartment upstairs alone knowing that theirs
an evil presence all around the house that is after her and the baby ALSO the scene were she drops
her keys and the stroller goes rolling in the street and once the stroller gets hit she all of a
sudden has her baby in her hand so many scenes were this movie just did not have any common sense
They could of had a better director do this movie because this movie was a waste of time Im glad I
watched it online through a website that was free rather then going to go spend my money this
weekend to watch the film in theaters this movie was awful and thats just my honest opinionI have
disliked a majority of movies I watch but not badly enough that Im urged to write a review on it
This movie however irked me so badly that I feel the need Lets start off by saying that the title of
this movie is Annabelle correct Yep So where is this doll the entire movie Nowhere Thats right this
is where the plot falls apart and everything goes downhill from there The doll is hardly in the
movie at all She moves a total of maybe two times excluding the climax of this movie in which she is
overused I had a very hard time finishing this overhyped example of trying too hard to be original
The beginning is too slow and it doesnt get to the point until the movie is just about over as well
By the end of the movie I just wanted it to end and was happy that they at least hadnt killed off
the bookstore owner and then there is yet another attempt at being original and failing miserably
This lady who by the way had nothing to do with any of this plummets to her death out the apartment
window and gives her soul to a demon It was this part that enraged me the most for the mere idea of
killing a good character off when there was no reason to and another ending could have been made
because the director clearly wasnt actually making Annabelle off of the true story is barbaric and
uncalled for I am disturbed with the outcome of this movie and quite frankly I didnt even want to
award it one star but there was no option lower so I will state it here010 starsThis movie was just
ugh AWFUL I expected this movie to have the same formula as The Conjuring had Scare people with
suspense not with some cheesy CGI cast off from Insidious If you took the demon from Insidious cut
off its tail then you would have the demon in Annabelle The story is supposed to be about ANNABELLE
not some stupid stereotype American family The story SHOULD of been about the little girl Annabelle
that was in the first 5 MINUTES OF THE MOVIE If you watch the first 5 minutes then leave you have
the story of ANNABELLE If you want to watch the rest of it be prepared you barely seen Annabelle do
anything All she does is sit there and do nothingEveryone scene is predictable and when you think
you will see something you do so it takes away all suspense of the film The Conjuring knew that to
scare people you have to make them think they will see something and then DONT SHOW THEM SOMETHING
That is the key if we anticipate seeing something we will scare ourselves more Blair Witch Project
Halloween Jason Nightmare on Elm Street The Conjuring all knew this Scaring people isnt hard to do
with a horror movie but when you feed it to us like were 2 years old it isnt scary it is repetitive
and boringA sad example of a sequel Directors and Producers you disappoint me Only cool thing I
found in the movie was the fact Mias real name is Annabelle which I think was a fun twist to the
story haha Other then that it was a waste of 10 dollarsSeriously the Young couple look like Barbie
and Ken dolls Hes handsome and boring and shes pretty and boring And so is this so called horror
movieApart from the movie itself being boring and predictable the couple act moronically throughout
the movie1 why would anybody want a creepy doll like Annabell in the first place 2 after they move
to an apartment after the first hauntings the doll is in a movingbox even though Ken threw it away
And Barbie is not freaked out by this at all and decides to keep the doll 3 after Barbie and Ken and
the clichépriest finds out that the doll is possessed by a demon they dont destroy the doll which
would probably destroy the demon as well No Barbie throws it around and yells at it And the priest
takes the doll with him to his church where he is almost killed by the demon4 as for the exercising
couple that is not even in the movie theyre boring as well And a franchise about that couple seems
like a really bad idea5 the exercising couple keep the doll in a glass box to keep the demon trapped
Again destroy the doll and destroy the demon6 why did this movie get an Rrating There is no blood in
it no nudity no swearingApart from a few creepy scenes and only one good scare this movie isnt worth
watching If you like horror movies with dolls and those movies certainly can be creepy I recommend
Dead Silence Directed by James Wan that produced this garbageOne of the least interesting horror
movies Ive watched Im not even comparing this to The ConjuringWeak story line pathetic acting
combined with inexperience of the filmmaker make this a complete timewaste Where do you even find
such actors  Its a shame to call the actors  The female lead is horrible when it comes to
performance She is just a good looking model  Nothing more  Im surprised how did she even land up
with this role Maybe through a godfather in industry Such an important and impressive theme and she
makes a mockery of all of it They have better actors and and a better story in porn movies It has to
be understood as an offense to any savvy viewer who caught the Japanese version of the movie RinguI
am aware of the fact that US crowds do not go for movies that do not cast largebreasted blonde
psychotic women but this is a little farfetched for this story The movie is meant to be solely based
on psychology thrills and brain scare The American version of the movie does not help in this at all
as all goes into the image and the special effects Event he plot has to be altered and worsened the
little boy becomes a depressed child with a 6th sense who calls his mom by her first nameAnyhow you
may go for the American remake if you are the kind to be scared by movies with subtitles However if
you were delivered with a brain and some artistic sense youll go for Ringulately ive seen nothing
but references to The Ring everywhere i go people talk about it when they speak about their feelings
and dreams as if this movie were something thoughtprovoking and not just a crap of cheese honestly
ive never seen something so cheesy in my life the original wasnt the most fantastic thing in the box
but at least it wasnt too pathetic overacted and trying to be more high brow than the story isOk
this movie is like too bad to even rate  Father of the adopted girl was reading his lines as he gave
his big speach YOU CAN even see his eyes darting back and forth over the cue cards instead of
looking at the other personThe clips seemed to be outtakes or sophmoric effort of film school 15 min
shorts  We had the blood  drain scene the pulling of a finger nail from a well the lit tree on a hil
and water pooling on the floorNeedless to say the parts they stole from other movies says it all
BAD BAD BADwasnt even scary and typical ending  Just a sad movie over all and I wasted 4 bucks
Where is my RMA on this tripeI had such high expectations for this movie I guess the moviemakers did
not share my expectations Dont get me wrong the music photography directing and some of the acting
the heroines are good I just dont get why they didnt do more with the story Now of course it is a
remake but the original must have been better than this Let me be more to the point The story is
absolutely awful It makes you think that all these clues are going to add up to something It could
have been really clever But about 15 minutes into the movie the clues have become so absurd that
there is no chance for the villain to be anything else than a ghost How original Now heres the
really dissatisfying part All those clues you were paying close attention to They dont mean diddly
squat They really dont lead to anything You could have taken all the clues changed them completely
into some other clues tacked on the ending and it would have been just as good a fit The simple
truth is that its just some mean monster terrorizing and killing people And all those clues that
could have at least revealed a tragic motivation for this disgruntled ghosts vengeance end up being
utterly vain the monster is just evil Thats all there is to it It came up from who knows where
always has wanted to hurt people and always will Thats why none of what I said is really a spoiler
If the clues meant something then telling you about them would reveal the ending But this ending
might as well have been put at the beginning because all going through the middle is just a waste of
time The movie is a scare machine It is mechanical cold and shallow filled with mere fluff A string
of one cheap thrill after another If you like this kind of movie it would be cheaper and just as
satisfying to go have yourself electrocuted gently of course  as the movie shows you can die from
electric shockWell this film left me depressed not because it was creepy but because it was so
stupid and at the same time so cynical  I may say that there is not a single thing in this picture
which makes any sense or has any genuine humanity in it  The monster is an evil little girl but
there is never the slightest indication to suggest why the girl is so evil or so powerful  indeed
precisely the sort of silence which is a certain giveaway that the picture has been made by people
with adolescent mentalities for adolescents   You posit some sort of monstrosity and thats all there
is to it nothing more need be said  Okay like theres this evil little girl with incredible powers
To give but two instances of the astonishing illogic which characterizes the film  For one the
mysterious video which is killing people is said to have been imprinted from the evil girls memories
But the video is full of images of things that the girl could not possibly have seen  For another
the characters are horrified to realize that it is a terrible calamity that her skeleton has been
taken from the well because somehow this means that now she is free to wreak her evil upon the world
and kill people  But she has been wreaking her evil upon the world and killing people even with her
skeleton at the bottom of the well Oh Im sorry apparently she can now actually drag her ugly carcass
out of the television set and kill people instead of killing them from inside the television set
But perhaps her identically meltedface victims would not consider this such an important distinction
Then there is the clerk who manages the cabins and upon whose shelf the evil video is found  the
curious fellow who plays him is given a nice little characteractor turn interacting with the blonde
lady who is the star trying to perform card tricks and so forth  and then we never see him again
What the heck was ithati about  What was his part in the sinister events what was the video doing on
his shelf  We never learn  We never see him again  You see it is as if the screenplay for this film
was written scene by scene without any reference to anything that had been written before certainly
not with any intention to exercise the slightest logic or continuity but merely to work certain
changes upon the psyche of the filmgoer who is presumed to be a teenager I suppose and who is
certainly held in utter contempt  And here is the real horror that the film wants nothing from you
but your money and has no meaning other than to trick you into pushing some bills through the slot
at the box officeThis is the only movie other than Dreamcatcher in which I wished all of the bad
stuff that was happening to the characters was happening to me instead It is amazing how poorly this
movie is executed Its rare that a movie can make Air Bud and Baby Geniuses seem like Oscars material
but The Ring does the jobAbsolutely unbelievable more and nothing really creepy about it at all just
a bunch of psychobabble about some those running around terrorizing found it more of a sleeper film
than anything horror involved Its almost like the writers were stretching for a plot and couldnt
quite grasp how to draw the viewer into it including me After about 30 min of this film I really
found the only horrific part about it was it wasnt over yet Even the draw up to find out the
reasoning for the terror occurring was more of a huge disappointment a complete waste of time This
film was more of a one time watch and never again I have better things to do then waste my time with
garbage like this againI went to this film prepared to be spooked but was very disappointed  It was
campy and a cheap ripoff of all the other horror movies Ive ever seen Its weak attempt at fear falls
flat  It had obviously lifted elements of The Others The Sixth Sense Blair Witch Project and believe
it or not The Invasion of the Body Snatchers but still did not come anywhere near matching their
expertise  This film is without a doubt one of the worst films Ive ever seenThis film is just an
embarrassment Naomi Watts I couldnt care less about but Brian Cox Brian really WHAT were you doing
in this Were you that hard up for cashI need to clear up some nomenclature The original  ie the real
film  is NOT called Ringu somebody made that up As far as any direct translation into English goes
it is simply called Ring not The Ring just RingThe original is a terrifying masterpieceThis film is
just a messAnd then and THEN not content with trying to remake one film that could not possibly be
remade they tried again with DARK WATER ARE YOU KIDDING ME There is no way NO WAY AT ALL that Dark
Water could ever have been remadeAnd the same goes for RingSee the real film the Japanese one If you
cant cope with films with subtitles consider getting an education or moving to a country with an
actually functioning social system that will GIVE you an educationThe original Ringu was not bad i
gave it a 810 for an interesting plot but this remake is really one of the worst i have ever seen
Imho even the special effects were better in the japanese version And dont say i am just one of
those moviefreaks who like boring and slow classics the remake of Stanislav Lems Solaris for example
was quite enjoyable giving a new perspective to the movie and i really recoommend watching both of
the movies When it comes to the ringringu my only advice is dont watch the ring before you have seen
ringu the original maybe slower and harder to understand but it has a LOT more to it Watch the
content of the killertape in Ringu and compare it to the content in The Ring  that should say it
allThe other day some friends told me they didnt watch horror movie because every one of them was
cheesy and predictable At the time I wasnt exactly sure what they were watching to make them think
that but now I know A Nightmare on Elm Street I dont care if its a classic its still one of the
single worst movies Ive ever seen in my life I dont understand how this is by the same man who wrote
The Last House on the Left which was superior in every way imaginableTo call this movie cheesy is an
understatement From opening to closing the acting is some of the unintentionally funny Ive seen in a
horror movie eversome of the melodramatic lines Im sure Wes Craven had to have laughed at when he
wrote them Im sureThe entire movie plays out like something madeforTV on Cartoon Network and they
actually show this movie on that station around Halloween There is nothing even remotely dark or
serious about this movie because its written with the simplicity and corniness of a childrens film
The actors themselves dont even look old enough to be teenagers Minus the cliché comical bedroom
scene near the end the movie has no more blood than a kids movie I really cannot think of ANYTHING
in this movie that would be aimed at adults or older teensA Nightmare on Elm Street is a childrens
movie through and throughThe story itself is throwaway and lacks any creativity whatsoever A guy
kills in your dreams Other than that every single factor of A Nightmare on Elm Street uses clichés
that were around long before it A secondary character dies off the main character goes on a quest to
kill the killer the main character goes to school and almost is killed the main character does
research and finds an urban legend or the equivalent on how to kill the supernatural killer her plan
succeeds and the last few minutes show a reversal of expectations Anyone remember how many times
theyve seen that exact plot before If I were to list the movies on the top of my head with that same
plot it would take at least two pages Those of you who claim this is a superior slasher because its
original do not know what original meansFreddy is the single thing that even kept me watching this
movie His character is a tired clichéexactly like Pennywise and Billy and the Joker and every other
villainbut his actual design is at least a little different Hes essentially Mr Rodgers with a burnt
face and knives for fingers but that is more original than youre going to get in most slashers Its
sad to see him in such a lame movieThe only reason I didnt turn A Nightmare on Elm Street off and go
to bed is because every hardcore horror fan must watch it and I did But I saw nothing different than
every other cheesehorror movie ever made I hope the remake is better And has less clothing with
primary colors110Please note that this review may contain spoilersBelieve it or not this movie is
just pure crap But this movie could have been something if it had a good script and good acting In
fact the script is one of the main problems in this film its just got some really really bad lines
in it likeSPOILERSDont worry Nancy Freddy cant get you because Mommy killed him Like I mean what
kind of a line is that I reckon this movie was actually a good idea that just been done appallingly
it should have been much much better because the idea behind it was so goodVerdict A great Idea just
pulled of appallingly however some bits in the beginning are worth a look310Yes back in early 80s
when I was young this was scary But fast forward to 2019 and being over 40 this is garbageWhen I see
bad movies I generally dont bother to write a review or formal comment However the ridicule that I
have witnessed when watching this pathetic piece of crap induced an unforgiving inclination to tell
the rest of the world how it is Generally speaking this is one of the worst horror films I have seen
to date not that I dont normally watch horror or that things tend to scare me easily but that the
many features that distinguish films from the good and bad stand out so distinctly to be either
unfulfilled or disgraced that it passes a new negative threshold when it comes to how low my
opinions can reachThe main aspect of this film that makes it so unforgivingly poor is the story
itself Im going to own up and confess that I only watched half the film but that was enough for me
to render it completely awful I didnt have a speckle if interest in what the ending was let alone
what would happen in the second half of the film This is furthermore worsened by excruciatingly bad
acting Action so disgraceful I remember putting up a better performance in my Primary School
JungleBook PlayThen arrives the main purpose and genre of the film Horror Horror my ass I would flag
this film as comical more than scary The only I can remember that induced the genuine feeling of
suspense and horror was the bath tub scene with the finger nails slowly floating upwards Apart from
that there are merely scenes of screams and the terribly UNhorrific laughter of this strongly
wrinkled cowboy mad guy with knives attached to his fingersThis film is pathetic at best I would
suggest strongly against wasting what could be such valuable time Decide wisely and watch real
horror like The Exorcist The Omen and The Mist insteadI may be new to the horror movie genre but its
my understanding that horror movies are supposed to beyou knowscary right Theyre meant to leave you
cowering behind a pillow behind your sofa gripping your friends or whoever youre watching it with
like a boa constrictor afraid to turn lights off and reluctant to go to a farm or a castle or in
this movies case reluctant to fall asleep Nightmare on Elm Street is meant to do all that and is
applauded as a horror classicproblem was I wasnt scared once I knew of it from a young age and vowed
never to watch it because of the plot and my over active imagination but I sat and watched it with a
former girlfriend still worried about the aftermath of watching it made worse by her saying youll p
yourself with terror However not once was I terrified shocked or left cowering behind her or
anything near me in fact by the time the credits rolled I was sat with a confused scowl on my face
wondering how it was considered a classic Ill probably never fully understand why either To me this
movie is one of those that is overhyped to the point that when you eventually watch it youre left
puzzled and somewhat underwhelmed by it others may well enjoy it and have memories of it but I did
not enjoy it at allThis movie was one of my least favorites thus far Not only was acting poor and
special effects laughable but overall film was pretty atrocious The universal concept that our
dreams can haunt and in Nancys case harm us itself is fantastic However the delivery is less than
acceptableThe first fifteen minutes were the scariest simply due to chaos confusion and the setting
After that it becomes more comedic than anything else I will admit that while the movie itself was
less than frightening its aftertaste is simply creepy I mean the fact is that this girl was being
hunted out of revenge and her every move is stalked by this shadow of a manI have plenty of qualms
with the movie but the following is definitely number one Ive yet to see the remake the prequel or
the sequel so Im just wondering who Freddy is I dont think that its enough to say Oh Fred Krueger
was a child murderer so we offed him No There are plenty of scumbags in every neighborhood who
deserve death time and time again but we ordinary citizens almost never intervene Did Freddy commit
an atrocity that hit close to home It also wasnt very clear when Freddy was actually murdered Yes
Nancys mother was involved in the killing along with some other renegades but how much time has
passed Were they themselves children or was this some sort of PTA rally Either way its these crucial
details that make the story actually come to life Without them I honestly have a difficult time
focusing so this movie distracted me in that senseNow onto the special effects honestly they werent
nearly as terrible as I had planned While none of them were realistic by any means they were this
surreal kind of creepy that I thought was done very well Im actually curious about the geyser of
blood How did they create such an optical illusion I mean maybe they had a blenderesque machine
forcibly shooting the gunk into the air but I just dont know I thought that special effect was
really well done Then again Ive been known to watch television shows from the sixties so my
perspective is a little different than the average teenage kidAll in all I will not waste money or
time on the sequelsI have been more frightened watching Saturday Night Live There was nothing scary
about it It was too juvenile to be a fright movie Teens might like it if they are very immatureI
watched this film due to the hype only to discover it was so boringSo little action so much talking endless pointless scenes and dreamsAs for Freddie hes great but why on earth is he only in the film for like 10 minutes So longwinded a
snore fest Some good moments but so dull for the most partsBesides Johnny Depp and even he wasnt so
great with his lack of time this was the worst horror movie imaginable Freddy Krueger was a friggen
clown and a putz The main character was the worst actress since the backup extra from my 7th grade
school play The whole movie was a joke especially the visible mattress when Freddy fell over the
stair railI mean they didnt even try to hide it The entire plot was absurd I never felt the
slightest tint of fear and I mostly wanted to barf at the closeups on the girls face The only part
of this movie I enjoyed was the bath tub scene and only because Im an 18 year old kid without a
girlfriend I p on this movie Wes Craven and especially the casting director for tying Johnny Depps
great name to such a horrible filmI have seen the golden hours light bathe shoppers in a grocery
store what wealth and given so freely seemingly without consciousness This movie is a piece of sht
just like all the other ones If you can love these movies then by all means do so just dont do it
around me if you please No for me I like my horror movies to be great yknow like worth seeing The
fans of this movie and its ilk are lucky lucky people This movie and its franchisedhorrormovie kin
are able to give to them something that I can never have Whatever it is this movie gives me it
cannot match the time I lose seeing it It is an unequal exchange and I want back whatever it is that
I have lost