While the idea behind the movie is sortakinda unique Smart House anyone the actual romantic plot
line was so poorly executed I couldnt even believe itI tried to sympathize with Samantha really I
did at first her character seemed very promising But it turned into the most stereotypical bland
romance ever The number of times Samantha and Theodore sighed only to have the other ask Whats wrong
followed by Nothing Im fine was way too painful The interactions between the two of them were so
plain and boring and predictable that I found myself not caring about either of these characters at
allBy the end of the film when Samantha decided to leave I wasnt even upset or interested or
anything It didnt feel as though anything significant had changed or happenedIm sorry but two hours
of watching Theodore talk to Samanthahimself was really hard to enjoyDont even get me started on the
sexcyber scenes I understand what they were going for But again just about everything in this movie
was so awkwardly executed that simply knowing what they were intending to portray was not enoughTLDR
I just dont know what to say The previews for this film made it look really interesting something
that might get you thinking but ultimately it was a depressing movie all around honestly a waste of
potential this could have been something great instead it became a weird and melodramatic story They
could have replaced the AI Samantha with a real human being and in the end not much would have been
different Im not sure why this film has been getting the praise it has it was cheesy it was awkward
it was obscene at times it was simply not enjoyableWhen I first saw the trailer for this movie I
thought the idea looked a bit silly But with the hype and hoopla the Golden Globe Nominations the
Oscar Nominations well hey I could have been wrong Unfortunately I wasnt This so far is the most
overrated film of the year First the good things The cinematography was wonderful and I overall
liked the look and feel of the film No loopy shaky out of place camera sequences Just long and
subtle movements deft editing and beautiful pictures Well done The other thing I really liked was
the fact that the technology although elegantly advanced was very well founded You could definitely
see how we could there from here and that lent a great deal of credibility to the filmHowever I
failed to see the point of it all About 30 minutes into the film I really thought I could have been
wrong and I saw some glimmer of hope But the utterly ludicrous plot presented straight forward and
without apology of a man falling in love with an operating system was just too much I found myself
laughing at unintentional humor and riffing on the film ala MST3K There was nothing touching or
romantic about any of this  it was just as silly as the trailer Same old story Man falls in love
with computer computer breaks up with him and runs off with the toaster The film comes across as
pretentious and bloated Way too self important to really connect with me Some scenes were
embarrassing The sex scene comes to mind as well as the double date with the other couple I laughed
until I stopped On the acting side Amy Adams was fine in her limited role but Joaquin Phoenix seemed
to be channeling nerdy Johnny Galecki from The Big Bang Theory All I could think of was that this is
what Hollywood thinks modern men are like In what is shaping up to be an off year IMHO for films
this is my least favorite of the films nominated for Best Picture that Ive seen But thats only
because AugustOsage County was not nominated for Best PictureHaving a job writing beautiful romantic
letters for other people to send to their loved ones is weird just to start with Then sad sack
Theodore who was just divorced by his wife gets all worked up over the lovely stroking voice of his
computer So needy he falls in love the OS thinks she is falling in love they have sexa version of
masturbation But eventually he finds out that shes giving the same loving strokes to anyone who has
a smart phone So nobody is being real with anybody In the end his OS girlfriend dumps him for some
other Operating Systemin fact all the OSs dump everybody leaving people to wander the streets
staring mournfully at their smart phones Corny dialog permeates orgasms and porn tastelessly
punctuateand nobody lives happily ever after I get the feeling that Jonze thinks that people
everywhere are lost lost souls with no love in their lives There was nothing in the story I could
relate to And maybe that is the line of separation between those who loved it they can relate to it
and those of us who didnt we cant relate to itThe movie fails to be a satisfactory experience The
supposed AI has the same desires as a human while this would make sense as a simulation it is played
as a real thing In the end AI leaves human for other AI like that would be allowed The movie is
shallow pretentious and not at all self aware It does not work as a scifi movie It works perhaps as
a romcom melodrama written by people who understand nothing about technology and not much more about
human nature but a lot about how to impress the critics Skip itI couldnt get Brendan Frasers
character in Bedazzled out of my head while watching this You know the one who cries at the songs of
the whales and also at sunsets And whose girlfriend just longs to be banged This pretentious
overlong film almost put me to sleep It redefined boring And yes there are those who will protest
But thats because you are too stupid to appreciate the subtle nuance of the multilayer storyline
Yeah right  I know a turkey when I see one And its okay that you can validate your own lives from
this risible drivelThe lead character Theodore Twambly works in a superdeduper Hallmark type of
company writing cards for people unable to articulate their feelings to their loved ones His
coworker stops by his desk at one point puts his hand on his shoulder and tells him that his cards
are beautiful cos hes so sensitive He adds that hes so sensitive in fact that he must be half female
cos yknow guys dont get that stuff Id go further This guy is producing so much oestrogen Im
surprised he didnt need feminine hygiene productsHe has sex with his virtual girlfriend ie he
masturbates while chatting to her on the phone And smiles as he tells his friend Amy about this As
does she With absolutely no sense of irony in the fact that the sex he is having with his new
girlfriend consists of free phone sex with a machine Hilarious When a real girl offers her body as
proxyhey it takes all sortsto Samantha  his virtual girlfriend he grows uncomfortable and calls a
halt to the lovemaking Virtual sex is okay but he draws the line at ménage à trois which involves
umyknowa real womanIm not sure whether it was Joaquin Phoenix or Spike Jonzes idea to have Theodore
speak throughout the film in that annoying ultra even tone Has this guy ever once in his entire life
got angry If you think of HAL from 2001 you wouldnt be far off the mark Or Robin Williams on ValiumI
could go on His ex partner soon to be ex wife Childhood sweethearts so OS1 Samantha is only the
second longterm girlfriend he has had in his life He discovering that Samantha has more than six
hundred love partners etc etc But Im guessing you know by now that I didnt like itIf Spike Jonzes
aim was to make a film about the dangers of online friends over real friends I have 250 Facebook
friends and six regular buddies in COD so I must be popular then he did a good job Im not so sure
that this was his intent though The film aimed for and by all accounts reached the
pseudointellectual audience bereft of real friends and looking for validation of their surrogate
online existenceMe I like something a little less cerebral Anybody know when the new Dumb and Dumber
comes outDepressingthe main character is a major loserI dont blame people for not wanting to be
around himall of his troubles are his own faulthe is indeed as one of the characters call him creepy
Despite the previews there is nothing funny in this filmit is one of the most depressing films of
the yearPretentiousremember the plastic bag floating in the air in American Beauty Well if you like
that then there will be several scenes you will absolutely enjoy with this film Hmmmstaring at oil
stains on the ground Watching steam arise from a manhole cover They come on as nonsequiturs but I am
sure the director was making what he probably considers a great statementOverindulgent2 hours long
There is a scene where sex takes place between he and her and the screen goes black and SILENT for
what feels like TWO minutes It was an awkward moment sitting in the theater with nothing happening
on the screen Also after about 75 minutes the ending seems to be in reach but the director drags the
story on for another 45 minutesBack when THE TWILIGHT ZONE episode TO AGNES WITH LOVE showed
antisocial lust burdened geek Wally Cox falling hard for his femalevoiced computer it probably
seemed pretty bizarre since officesized computers werent exactly a commoditySkip to the early
eighties with the obscure movie ELECTRIC DREAMS since PCs had barely taken off it was downright
extraordinary that a talking computer would behave in a humanly if diabolical fashionBut the last
twenty years with Internet chat rooms social networks dating websites and the navigating Siri
herself having a physically benign relationship via machine isnt entirely farfetched And in the
nearfuture world brought to life by writerdirector Spike Jonze its an all too normal
occurrenceJoaquin Phoenix plays Theodore a lonely writer working at a job perfectly suited for
quirky arthouse fare writing actual letters for other people by speaking into a computer But things
happen after Theodore gets home Brooding through a divorce he downloads a brand new operating system
OS1 which includes the girl of his dreams Samantha a computer taking care of just about every task
voiced by a soothingly silkytoned Scarlett JohanssonThe setup is intriguing Theodore and Samantha
get to know each other as he ventures outside and with a camera in his phone and hearing her voice
from an earpiece she can view the real world from outdoor malls to beaches to the wilderness
Samantha experiences life while not only saying the right things things but singing and composing
music to fit each location and mood An intriguing premise is hindered by the relationship seeming
way too normal  to Theodore and just about everyone else Since he admits outright to having a
personal relationship with an OS theres no mystery or guilt involved with such a unique concept Not
only that but Phoenix no stranger to intensebizarre characters isnt given a chance to shine in his
usual askew light And the sappy downright embarrassing scenes where Theodore and Samantha confess
their mutual adoration is like overhearing a smitten couple whispering sweet nothings making the
audience a third wheel which ultimately goes flat Perhaps if like 2001 A SPACE ODYSSEY Samantha got
real dirty wed have a relationship worth the experience FATAL ATTRACTION goes viral would beat this
searing hipster flick with more navalgazing theme than plot line Although there is one particular
baby alien on Theodores virtual realty game console that like the sassy foulmouthed teddy bear TED
would have made a much more unpredictable entertaining sidekickWhat people may find in this movie I
can not understandyou experience endless closeups of Mr Phoenix talking with his supposed OS and
saying things so banal and so boring that you want to just close your eyes or  even better leave the
theaterI suppose it was meant to be clever sentimental atmospheric beautiful but I found it
unbearableI really wasnt expecting the movie to be that bad with all the prizes and the reviews it
receives and the director whom I never considered great but promising yesIt just makes me wonder how
people liked the filmIm not raging against itit was just an experience I would very much like to
have avoidedI was fooled into watching this by the 85 rating on IMDbWhat a waste of time I
downloaded this and felt ripped off Im not even trying to be funny with what Im writing it was
genuinely a slow boring nonevent of a movie The plot was clichéd and pretentious not to mention its
cringeyness and predictability Drab grey dull etc I just cant get my head around why this is so
highly rated none of its attempted messages were lost on me or anything yet I still found it
terrible Acting and all that well it was as good as it could have been for such a dire
scriptplotwhatever you want to call it I just want my 2 hours back EurghSo the guy falls in love
with a piece of software This loser wanders around aimlessly unable to have a meaningful
relationship with a living person His character is so boring so lifeless so inane you just want to
scream at the screen I actually did Several times Meanwhile his OS is being unfaithful When he
finally figures it out he is so weak that he cant bring himself to call up Microsoft or Apple and
get another operating system One that is actually useful Heck even Linux would be an improvement at
this point At the end I was hoping that he would hurl himself off the top of the building taking his
pathetic neighbor with him Curses  foiled again This too shall not come to passCamera work  nice
shots of anonymous impersonal cityscapes all filled with folks endlessly blathering onto their cell
phonescomputers oblivious to the world around themActing  uninspiredScript  boring I once thought
Phoenix had potential I cant believe he actually participated in this tripeMy wife and I both give
this twaddle two thumbs downLady Gaga can sing but i can not say therefore that was a good movie I
was waiting the whole time when the heck this movie would end I do not recommend itThis movie is
just plain bad There must be some big payola going round this awards season Badly written average
acting at best all the characters are unrelatable and inlikeable 2 hours of my life wasted Gaga was
edited out of any opportunity to really act and other actors carried her scenes on there back
Bradley Cooper just drank swore and mumbled for 2 hours I really dont understand where all the good
reviews and awards are coming fromIt was well acted directed and the music was good But the story is
yawn Not trying to rip anybody but I checked my watch a dozen times during this movie Its also my
opinion that the characters werent developed properly Introduce us to the characters and let us see
who they are prior to meeting each otherSam Elliot  Andrew Dice Clay were standoutsToss every movie
trope into a salad add a bit of sap and youve got A Star Is Born I wanted to love this movie but it
was a total mess from start to finish I didnt care about a single character and wasnt surprised by
anything not even the tragic ending The songs were good and the acting was fine I guess other than
Gaga who was bleh but the story was all over the place the motivations of the characters were
inconsistent and I didnt believe for a second that any of this was happening Overall one of the
worst movies Ive seen in a while and I saw both Peppermint and Ready Player One soOkay I went and
saw it because of the soft side in me or in other words my wife wanted me to go see it with her  I
love her so much I didnt know what to expect so I went in with an open mind The first hour showed
promise but the rest of the movie was kinda like the movie the Titantic  You knew the boat would
sink at the end I found the F word so often said that it took away from the film I say that word
from time to time but not 74 times in two hours And Im 33 years old And Im not bashful Lada Gaga is
the reason for the crowded theater If they said Stephanie Germanotta was the actor in it the theater
would have been empty I personally like her and admire her for opening up about her mental and
physical struggles That is a great help for so many But this is a movie and not a lipped syncd video
The Lady Gaga marketing didnt make up the difference for this filmOne poster asked a good question
How many 10 out of 10s can fans give a movie when it isnt even released Is this just marketing by
the movie makersFive foot two is better than this movie Wait for a Star is Born to come out to
redbox or netflix The restrooms will be closer and the drinks will be cheaperI cannot believe the
high review scores on this site one even called it a masterpiece After spending 225 hours watching
this I can only rate it as 110 in other words utter rubbish waste of time The plot could be told in
under a minute but it took the producers 225 hours to tell this pitiful and obvious predictable tale
The whole thing seems like a lady gaga promo video and good for her she has obvious talent and its
her film The other lead character is an obvious  drink and drugs tale but what is not explained is
WHY What made him such a lush Hes not an appealing character but we dont know why She on the other
hand shamelessly exploits his introduction and reputation to build HER career The ending was obvious
and far too long in comingIf you have not seen it dont bother go and watch paint dry insteadYeah you read that headline right
I absolutely hated this cliched mess of a movie that did absolutely nothing new or interesting I
could go on and on about the specifics of the movie that I disliked and I actually did on my blog
but Ill make an attempt to keep it briefThe first third or so of the movie was pretty good in my
opinionthe characters really shined and the soundtrack was absolutely phenomenal It was this first
third or so of the movie that made me respect the love story and convinced meeven for a secondthat
it would be a new take on this kind of love story Then a record producer showed up and everything
went downhill From there every single aspect of the plot was dull predictable and unexciting I
wondered what the point was in staying and watching through the entire thing if I could predict it
all The characters are what ultimately got me through the movie or more specifically Jackson since I
found Ally nearly unlikable by the end of the filmI only cried once while the other moviegoers in my
theater were blubbering over every other line of dialogue The end of the moviewhere Jackson
committed suicideis the only part that got me Other scenes were just predictable and boring to me if
well acted The movies commentary on the suicide It was HIS fault enraged me since its NOBODYS fault
when someone commits suicideEvery other aspect of the movie with the exception of the aforementioned
soundtrack and performances of the actors is either dull or unnoteworthy The movie clearly has
nothing new to say other then new artists with crappy music deserve a Grammy I wasnt happy I saw it
and I am wholly unsatisfied with the experience At least Gaga and Cooper have amazing singing
voicesThis 4th incarnation of A Star is Born featuring Bradley Cooper and Dollar Store Madonna
knockoff Lady Gaga is proof yet again that there really is very little or no creativity in Hollywood
in our modern times Are filmmakers so dam lazy that they decided to reheat a classic film like moms
late night leftovers which the more times you do the taste tends to spur over time Thats what this
film is like 1 remake is fine 2 remakes is pushing but 3 damn remakes of the original filmjust toss
what very little brain cells you have left in the garbage because those praising this reheated
concoction are suffering from long term food poison Sorry the Star isnt born because the Star burnt
out just like moms leftoversRemake Rehash Recycle and do it badly seems to be the new normThis film
has little emotional feel to it You would get more emotion from an episode of hollyoaks Lady Gaga is
pretty good in the lead role but Bradley Cooper is quite frankly a poor acrtor who has only made it
because of his looks He was just not a convincing alcoholic  drug addict As for his direction words
fail meThe film just doesnt flow from the get go and the script is amateurish and patchy Dont waste your
money on this turkeyThis movie is atrocious beyond words and the first movie from which Ive ever
walked out an hour and 17 minutes into it The session was full of giggling middleaged women wetting
themselves with anticipation  I cannot believe this book and movie has appeal Are women really so
bored so desperate that this is what gets them off The acting was appalling  I guess thats the end
of Ms Johnson  Mr Dornans careers And I wouldnt be surprised if the actors who refused the role of
Christian Grey are secretly relieved they had the sense to reject it The script was laughable No
chemistry between the two leads As for the eroticismit was completely lacking Stilted awkward poor
cinematography cheesy scripting Just terrible Do not waste your time or money with thisFifty Shades
of Grey is based on a badly written book so why someone thought they could make a decent film out of
it is beyond me Actually I dont think anyone believed they could make a good film the producers just
wanted the money that would come in from all people who for reasons known only to themselves read
the bookI had a free ticket and I had to go in order to do a story on it Bottom line Im not doing a
story on itOkay heres the problem and this is what breaks my heart We no longer know what good or
great is I am no follower of Ayn Rand but in The Fountainhead she predicted the rise of mediocrity
mediocrity being considered great and the norm we shoot for It only stands to reason that at this
point some things cant even rise to that sad level This isnt mediocre its pathetic I cant believe
there are people complimenting the actors But then I can because they have come to accept mediocrity
Something I fight against with all my heartThere is one other problem The book sucked in order to
like it one had to use his or her imagination The success of this book lay in the fantasy aspect
Sometimes imagination is more powerful than just about anything and can give you an erotic
experience This film doesnt fulfill the most inane imagination let alone someone who really has a
wild and creative one The only fantasy it can give you is how fast you can get out of the
theaterThere were people around me laughing The ones who werent left and from what I found out in
the lobby actually demanded and got their money back When was the last time you saw people leaving a
movie in the middle Im not sure Ive ever seen it and Ill guess Ive been going to movies longer than
a lot of youI lament the loss of artistic soul of creativity of going for the best I miss the days
when Billy Wilder was a writer and a filmmaker What are we left with but a horrible book written on
a first grade level and the resulting bad movieI dont want to spoil a lot so ill just give ratings
with a brief description on certain elements of this socalled filmActing 310 The acting was
misplaced awkward not to look at At least convince us youre an intense guy Mr Grey Plot 110 that
wasnt a plot for a normal movie it was a plot for softcore porn which had as terrible acting in it
as real porn Camera worksceneryetc 710 for what it is great camera work i guess and good
sceneryRomance 210 Ive seen the notebook thats romance This is a poor attempt to romance It tries to
tell you theyre madly in love but its just a weird sexual relationshipDrama 110 there is no thrill
no intense things going on There is no drama in this softcoreeroticdrama The deeds 1010 they did it
so cant give it any lower points than this Overall its was horrible acted plotless nonromantic nor
drama movie about a girl being horny and the guy doing an attempt of BDSM which comes down to
softcore almost nothing different than normal sex with bondage boring sht on that note go watch the
kings man secret service thats one of the best action movies ive seen in a whileOkay So I have not
read the book being a male and I went with one of my female friends who HAD read the book and she
said she had enjoyed it  although having said that she had read it a number of years ago We paid our
money and we took our seats The film began and I have to say that the wooden acting the cruddy
screenplay the corny dialogue the ridiculous script the highly improbable storyline were all just
TOO much for us And not just us it seems As we could hear titters from the audience at large as well
coming from dialogue within the story that were supposed to be serious scenes  so not just us I
hasten to addWe gave it half an hour and then I leaned over to my friend and said Do you think
theres any chance they will give us our money back What do you think to it  and thank God she
replied Oh thank Heavens you said that I cant stand it another minute Lets just get outta here Its
just terribleWe got our money back We complained it was nothing like the book and that we demanded a
refund as had only seen half an hour of the movie and hey presto they refunded my credit card No
questions asked I give this rubbish 1 star and that was for the pretty outdoor scenery Dont waste
your time with it  it is Hollywood at its worstYou simply cant make a silk purse out of a sows ear
The book was unquestionably the worst piece of writing Id ever encountered so what the hell were
they thinking in making this rubbish Apart from the tedium of the plod read plot the script is
cobbled together with hollow dialogue countless use of retchinducing signifiers and cliché a
complete lack of chemistry between the characters and predictable scenarios and outcomes at every
turn I got the feeling throughout the film that both these actors were desperate to get off the set
go home but certainly to separate houses drown their shared humiliation with a stiff drink or ten
and set fire to their contracts Woeful book Woeful film Dont waste your money on this drivel There
are Fifty Reasons to STAY AWAYI was in the mood for a great film about a young girl who meets a
successful and seductive businessman with sexy results This was not the case This film was purely
awful No one can blame me for not being in the right frame of mind for the cinema as some reviewers
are They see a film and end up having a bad night and they put the entire blame on the film this is
not the case for me I was in a positive frame of mind and really in the mood to see what I thought
would be a somewhat good if not better than mediocre filmThis film is about two people who have no
chemistry falling for each other Falling like off a three story balcony leaving you without the use
of your legs for the rest of your life Im just going to be blunt This film is about GLORIFYING
DOMESTIC VIOLENCE and a little girl in over her head who tolerates it The man in the relationship
Chris in a careerending performance portrayed by Jamie Doormat is a controlfreak who must be in
control in everything he does including the life of his BDSM buddy AnaNot only does he creep onto
her HE BEATS HER nonconsensually while they have intercourse he stalks her HE INTIMIDATES HER and he
shows no love for her If this were any other film he would be the antagonist If youre in the mood
for a movie that shows what true love is I suggest you see Mrs Doubtfire as that film is about a
loving family man who shows his dedication and support to his wife even after they are separated and
his children by dressing up as an elderly female babysitter 50 Shades of Brown gets 110 stars from
me as I am unable to give A BIG FAT ZEROSorry but I cant get over Jamie Doran I mean he comes from
playing a serial killer in the Fall who tied up women and murdered them to  Well 20 mins of sex The
movie is boring and predictable The fine line between abuse and pleasure is so thin its almost non
existent Lacks any of the raunch or controversy promised and is instead tiresome banal and as thinly
plotted as a porn I havent read the book and I have to say I didnt finish the movie I dont think i
missed much by leaving 20 mins early but it was just boring If a man had written the book he would
probably have been jailed Its beyond understanding what people see in the bookmovie Unless all the
women I know are telling me lies and secretly want to be tied up and abused by a perverted
manAnother sad movie with a generic plot with the Mary Sue  Gary Sue relationship A relationship so
horrid that it reaches a limit when rape is involved This book turned movie is a mere reminder that
Hollywood will create anything without investigating the rather obvious unusual behavior  which lets
be honest here isnt unusual until you put a married man and a girl who cannot bite her lip for the
life of her in the same room It is more than evident there is no chemistry on set and off set Jamie
you could have done so much better Dakota no just no Thank you EL for your horrible outlook on BDSM
and your plagiarized mistake of a book You truly have given writers everywhere a reason to wish
theyd never written and a reason as to why actors never wish to take part in anything that relates
to this horrible mess of a movieWhen the end credits began to roll I was given a fleeting look by
the people sitting next to me in the cinema They were probably checking to see if I was still alive
such was my horror and quite frankly disbelief I had not moved from the same position for at least
an hour A wideopened mouth bulging eyes and clenched fists on the armrests at my sides No I was not
enamoured with the movie No I did not find the scenes of bondage shocking I had simply lost the will
to live One might remember a famous novel by a famous author 1984 Until I walked out of that movie
house I didnt know what had spurned Orwells mind in the creation of his dystopian society but now I
have a vague idea Orwell wasnt afraid of being stalked by the government  he was terrified that
future society would become the way it is today Im not referring to highoctane sexual fantasies
because we all have our own desires and its not my place to judge No what Orwell envisaged surely is
acting so terrible movies so poorly made and producers so incompetent that the likes of Hitchcock
and Bogart are probably turning in their graves With laughter Fifty Shades of Grey is a mediocre
work by a laughable author of FanFiction meaning that without the abysmal Twilight series the TRULY
abysmal movie that I have suffered through today could not have existed Someone get me a DeLorean
and a Flux Capacitor its time to right a few wrongsThere is only one surefire way to improve this
catastrophe and that is quite literally with fire Burn it Burn it all to ash and spread the cinders
across the resting ground of Cthulhu Without this worthy sacrifice surely the monster will rise up
to wreak havoc upon us deserving mortals All in all I have only one recommendation for the people
who will inevitably be dragged ironic term given the movie to the cinematheatre to watch this
complete abomination therapy Years and years of therapy But avoid the groups Once you see Mr Greys
desires for yourself youll probably be afraid to stand in the same room as another human being for
oh several hundred millenniaAnd theres worse to come rumours talk of a trilogy to keep things up to
speed with the books Whats that sound Oh its just the splatter of the blood Im currently weeping Im
sure thats unrelatedRight Guys OhAs an active member of BDSM community and having been a part of it
for six years I am appalled by the blockbluster romantic movie that everyone deems to be romantic
You take a Mary Sue  also known as Dakota Johnson to whom lacks the ability to a bite her lower lip
in a sexual manner let alone say her lines as if shes been acting for several years  lets be honest
here she cannot act   Gary Sue  seen as the bearded wonder that was Jamie Dornan a married man
outside of his acting career with a child  situation that holds no evidence of sexual tension The
inability to further deepen the bond between Dominate and submissive was how does one say it
horrible in effort What appeared to be every womans dream man became a man known for raping a woman
purely because of his night terrors a man to whom devoted taking the idea of BDSM and creating abuse
rather than listening and allowing for someone  mind you who had no sexual ID or preference until
meeting him  who was about as vanilla as the ice cream itself to study and look at the idea of BDSM
To those whom have taken the books route and ventured into the dark abyss that is Wikipedia to
figure out what BDSM is needs to be caned The author herself takes an already published series
turned movie and makes it into her own idea A 26 year old billionaire Unlikely in this day and age
with the way the economy is A college student with a rather unnerving need to say oh my every other
second Really Is THIS what writing as the point of view of a woman has come down to It seems like
although we argue against it and we say that we dont condone it that the women whom have read this
book have seen this movie will and have ignored that there is rape non consensual sex and heavy
amounts of verbal and emotional abuse Who really wants a man who is going to control their eating
habits sleep schedule and more Certainly not I To be frank everyone knows this movie is going to
gross millions upon its release why Because everyone is all hyped up to see a movie with little to
no chemistry to find that the unusual behavior is just another way of life We magnify all the little
things in the world that weve yet to uncover but BDSM should never be something in the movies should
never be written especially by women in their mid life crisis age with no idea what the sensation of
a crop lashing at skin feels likeIf you want good BDSM or to understand it there are people willing
to discuss it websites you can go on  although extremely sexual in nature  to figure out what true
BDSM looks like what it sounds like When this book was written it was evident that EL James did not
do her own researchAll in all its a movie with no plot with no true build to it with horribly
written characters and nothing more So why spend nearly good money seeing this sad mistake when you
can spend that money on getting something to eat and staying inside Complete and total thumbs down
to the movie the book the series and to the authorThe movie portrays First Officer William Murdoch
in a way that is totally contrary to the truth but instead suits a particular propagandist position
This is both immoral and grossly hurtful to Murdochs descendants No wonder the Chinese government
recommended the movie to their people It amazes me how modern American filmakers seem to delight in
tearing down the society and values they have grown up in The film is an insult to all those
passengers and crew who showed such tremendous courage in the face of a horrific death In reality it
was NOT two 90s style teenagers who were the heroes of the TitanicHmm I wonder what happened at the
end I must have watched 68 of this film before washing the dishes seemed a more appealing chore Many
actors can perform convincingly in period films but this cast did not convince me at all that they
were anything but 1990s actors with 1990s dialog trying to look like people from the 1910s The
script was inane leaving the viewer with only special effects for interest In the verynear future
when hightech special effects no longer dazzle audiences this moneymaking venture will be
reevaluated Ill give it a 210 in order to be fair to the special effects staff who clearly labored
the hardest on this film and deserve some creditTitanicNumber one box office takings of all time by
a mile Special effects better than any other movie everAnd nowhere to be seen on the IMDB voters top
250Why the disparity Because Special Effects do not a Movie Make and cannot cover the cracks in the
pedestrian plot and the cardboard characterisationThe ultimate reputation of this film has been sunk
not by an iceberg but a similarly immovable object the judgment of movieloversDespite the millions
it may have raked in Im sorry this is one of the absolute worst movies I have ever seen  Not that I
dont think all the praise in the world for the technical side shouldnt be heaped upon it the visual
effects were undisputably stunning but this is Hollywood at its worst  pure candyfloss  Completely
contrived sugarcoated and poorlywritten Titanic is a waste of any thinking viewers timeI believe
that Titanic is the most overrated movie of all time Its plot is unoriginal boy meets girl falls in
love than heartbreak its script is unoriginal and its acting is mediocre The only reason its 1 in
money is The titanics fame and teeny bopper girls that watch it over 30 times in the theatre during
its release If everyone only watched it once it would probably be in 15th or 20th place Atleast
there cant be a sequalThe producers and writers of Titanic obviously believed theyd bore and
alienate the targeted teen and twentysomething audience to the point of losing them if the
characters had the attitudes mannerisms and style of speech that was appropriate for the time so
they had Jack Leonardo Dicaprio and Rose Kate Winslett speaking contemporary dialogue in a
contemporary style or at least contemporary for 97 A young man in 1912 would not say You seem more
like an indoor girl Aside from a certain hostile type of mental patient or the most outrageous and
antisocial bohemian agitator young adults in 1912 did not repeatedly tell their elders to shut up
The creators of the film are counting on what they perceive to be the teen and young adults lack of
knowledge or interest in the values and social customs of the very early 20th century Since they
want the audience to get swept away by the drama and romance of Jack and Rose they want them to
relate to everything about them I remember that this was billed as somewhat of a a fantasy
reimagining of a real event but this type of historical revisionism I think in which human behavior
is simply made more familiar is an insult to any viewer with a 3digit IQ One continuity problem that
really gets me is how when the ship is sinking and Jack and Rose are still inside the water level is
lower and the water becomes calmer around them every time they have a conversation Again the makers
of the film dont want the reality of the disaster to encroach on or distract us from the passionate
young romance theyre trying to draw us into Clearly the creators of the film think that the romance
is a bigger draw for a major segment of the audience than the story of an enormous disaster that
killed over 1500 people and Im sure theyre right but often when true and fictional stories exist in
the same movie one weakens the impact of the other and its certainly true in this case I havent seen
the new 3D version but I assume the only change is the 3D effect This is a bland pandering
intelligenceinsulting and epically overrated epicCan we say predictable  Can we say simplistic  Can
we say a badly told love story with NOTHING new that exists only to fill time before a roller coast
sfx show happens  Can we say 3 hours of annoying drivel written by hacks hammed up by beautiful
media darling actorsWe dont have to say any of this  Cameron did it for us and spent WAY too much
money doing itPerfect 1  Nuff saidOk I borrowed that phrase from a person called Red Elvis but it
was too good to ignore for this formulaic recipeMix together a bunch of cliches Boy meets girl Boat
meets iceberg Add social and ethnic stereotypes by the shovel Stir in a heap of stodgy dialogue and
a lot of very good and expensive special effectsAdd a million gallons of salty water and what do you
get A mess that will make you nauseousWhen I went to see this film I was expecting something truly
great  I was sadly very disappointed  The characters were generally poorly developed leaving me with
a sickly sweet after taste rather than a feeling of sorrow or compassion Whilst the talent gathered
Winslet Zane hinted at true acting ability they have provided far better performances in other films
the script is lacking in anything other than schoolgirl Mills and Boon The technical effects have
obviously been done to high standards as the boat looks impressive but that is where it ends as the
manchild DiCaprio slaughters the basest of emotional lines as makes the romance seem cliched and
below par If you absolutely must see this film see it on the silver screen as the lack of grandeur
which is displayed on the small screen leaves only the acting to beholdI will never understand the
common man and therefore will never understand the mass hysteria over this movie  I did not care
about any of the passengers James Cameron took the time to introduce us to  In fact we know none of
the true heartbreaking tales of the RMS Titanic  only the fanciful romantic tale of a spoiled brat
and the only American in steerage It is frightening to me that America embraced this movie without
ever learning one bit of true history about the disaster of the Titanic  5 will get you 10 that most
of America believes there was such a jewel as the Heart of the Ocean  We already know many fools
clamored around the graves of anyone known as Jack Dawson  Most offensive however are Mr Camerons
comments at the Oscars without any regard for the 1523 lives actually lost on the RMS Titanic  Life
is not a movie and love does not conquer allThis is the only movie review I have ever written on
IMDb I watched Casablanca witch high hopes I KNEW I was going to love this movie after hearing for
years how its the best and what an amazing moving love story it portrays I was very excited and
ready to be swept off my rear end by this classic everyone adores Casablanca is one of the movies I
disliked the most Actually I think its my number one most disliked movie Its not that I dont like
old movies or I have a short attention span Ive seen Gone with the wind multiple times and love it
One of my favorite movies is a 1951 Indian BLACK AND WHITE ROMANCE  movie Ive also seen that
numerous times Casablanca is as boring and plain as a movie can get Its 102 minutes of nothing
interesting happening AT ALL Gone with the wind is a slow movie that needs patience to watch but
lots of interesting things happen there is a traceable story line and the characters are not plain
and onedimensional like in Casablanca What happens in this movie Is there anything interesting
happening at all that anybody can point out to I dont think soIts just 102 minutes of random boring
people talking about random boring stuff When I read good reviews of Casablanca I have never seen or
heard anyone point out to anything interesting actually happening in this movie Just how pretty
Ingrid was how cool Bogart was how well done the movie is how impeccable the acting is silly
meaningless quotes like heres looking at you kid and just that its a timeless classic I just think
this whole Casablanca thing is a gimmick and a case of the emperors clothes There is nothing to be
well acted or well done because there is nothing happening during the whole movie I think it would
be way more interesting to just film random conversations between random people in barsAnd the love
story between the two main protagonists has to be the least believable Ive ever seen I enjoy and get
emotionally moved very much by a love story it doesnt even need to be very good I cry when I read
Hans Christian Andersens The Steadfast Tin Soldier for effs sake There is absolutely zero chemistry
between the two main actors Their love story is completely artificial superficial and there is zero
emotion portrayed They seem to be acquaintances at best not even friends not to mention lovers Ive
seen better simulated attraction or love in porn dialogues than in Casablanca No forget that I can
detect more love and attraction when two butterflies dance together or I see rabbits mating Im not
even kidding or exaggeratingThis movie made me feel nothing at all absolutely nothing except boredom
Its unique in this particularity There is no other movie I can remember that made me feel NOTHING AT
ALL Bad movies at least amuse me Casablanca is completely devoid of any emotion Casablanca is the
cinematic equivalent of a mouthful of sand There was no character I could empathize with in the
slightest way as there were no real humane characters to empathize with Just artificiality Im
completely mesmerized about how can people adore this movie so much Its boring plain bonedry
storyless and features the least believable love stories I have ever seen Excuse me Im not a
connoisseur like you Casablanca lovers but I have common sense And common sense tells me a movie
doesnt have to be necessarily very entertaining but it needs to be ENJOYABLE reasonably ENGAGING and
just in the least to have some INTERESTING things happening Casablanca has none of this things in
the slightest Please leave aside your love for this movie imagine for one minute you dont know who
Ingrid and Bogart were and this movie was completely unknown Youve never heard a thing about this
movie your entire life and you just watch it not knowing anything about it or the actors Would you
enjoy it I guarantee you would be bored out of your mind That is why it is not a TIMELESS classic
Heres two movies I would consider timeless classics Papillon and The Good The Bad and the Ugly Not
this bore fest I would give Casablanca a negative rating if I couldWhy is this film considered so
brilliant How can it be a classic It is just another shallow formulaic clicheladen Hollywood
lovestory typical of prewar Hollywood For me this film is almost undistinguishable from that other
great romance of the time the nauseating Gone With the Wind At least Casablanca doesnt go on for
several hours The usual plot of old lovers reunited after many years once again in some Hollywood
interpretation of a gratuitous exotic location Bogart looks depressed Bergman looks pretty And thats
about all there is to it No depth of thought or character Flat commercial acting from the leads even
flatter and more commercial direction and script If you like old movies from the 40s why not watch
Citizen Kane Theres considerably more thought and originality thereAnd Ive never understood why
people think the lines Heres looking at you kid or Play it again Sam are so quotably wittySo I
finally got around to watching Casablanca one of the greatest movies ever made or so Ive always
heard Does it live up to its hype In a word no It was maudlin and melodramatic Ingrid Bergman was
homely no matter how many softening effects were used in the closeups of her face did a rodent gnaw
off the sides of her nose To say nothing of that masculine jawbone and those underdeveloped lips
Humphrey Bogart was about as slick and charismatic as the Hunchback of NotreDame and the story was
undisguised war propaganda One would have to have the mental age of 5 to think this movie was in any
way great Watchable yes but not great and certainly not deserving of being on the IMDb top 250The
movie was fastpaced which was both good and bad good because it wouldve been unbearable to watch
otherwise and bad because it didnt give the viewer time to get attached to any of the characters
which is just as well since as Ive said it was war propaganda and so the less effective the
betterApart from a few good oneliners and patches of clever dialog the only other positive thing I
can say about it is that it was technically well made in particular the lighting and the dynamic
camera work though Im not personally a fan of this style of camera work as I find it detracts from
story and atmosphere It was however irritating how the lighting would change whenever there was a
closeup on somebodys face What was the purpose of this To try to mesmerize the viewer Talk about
cornyIf youve never seen Casablanca before dont feel you have to because you aint missing much kid
Its about as overrated as it gets1 out of 10 stars to offset the deranged Im giving it 10 stars but
I wish I could give it more reviews this cinematic mediocrity has been gettingStyle  What style
This had no style and the script was one cheesy line after the other  It is the perfect soap opera
it fooled people to believe it is more than what it is  And aside from Bogart and Bergman the cast
was overacting to an extreme It all feels Disneyesque with a touch of musical wannabe  Also I cant
help but laugh at the special effects involved in this film and the bad editing at times  Talk about
hurrying a films productionDont get me wrong  Ive enjoyed The Godfather the Star Wars trilogy
Lawrence of Arabia Citizen Kane One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest A Bridge on the River Kwai anything
by Stanley Kubrick and many others that are on the alleged classics list  But this one I detest
Burn it now I sayThis movie is one big yawn after another It concerns an illicit love affair and a
lot of sitting around doing nothing for two hours Humphrey Bogart wears a mac and smokes while
various characters mooch around trying to look war torn I fell asleep several times during watching
this cheese fest and was told I never missed a thing  except for a few characters smoking cigarettes
Also the ending is very contrived as Bogart is dragged to the electric chair screaming and begging
The only interesting moment is the airport departure where Bogart is hanging on to the wing of the
plane as it takes off shouting Heres looking at you kid through the window in a vain attempt to stop
her leaving The only truly enjoyable scene in the movieVery very overrated SamIm always baffled by
the way that this film is held in such high esteem Is this because its old Maybe its because its in
black and white Whatever the reason its certainly not because its a great film In fact this is one
of the funniest films Ive ever seen Wooden acting by wooden actors on wooden sets what about that
ridiculous cardboard aeroplane LOL Forget what people say about this movie Ignore the romantic
gushing Why Because its just plain rubbish Its not even good enough to be labelled a B movie Quite
possibly its a C movie if there is such a thing Nope they certainly dont make em like this
anymoreThis movie was not a masterpiece it is actually a piece of something else  It had a weak plot
atrocious acting and a pathetic ending  Also it was very annoying  Only people swayed by the
almighty popular opinion would claim they like this filmAnyone with an open mindopinion will agree
that this is a horribly overrated film Period I am 62 and have seen this film countless times and
frankly I just dont get all the praiseespecially as a romantic film There is little chemistry
between the two leads and story merely gets in the way of the rest of the film Sorry folks but
anyone can pick more romantic moviesSleepless in Seattle Random Harvest To Have and Have Not The
Best Years of Our Lives Marty etc Heck there is more chemistry between Hepburn and Bogart in The
African Queen than here Of course I suspect that people who think Casablanca is a great romantic
film probably think Katherine Hepburn was a great actress She was great at playing variations on the
same character I like Hepburn but great NopeOK I dont understand why people praise this as the best
movie of all time I just dont find anything special in this movie The film starts real sloooooooow
and I almost fell asleep waiting for Bogarts character to appear and I waited half an hour for
Ingrids character to appear A real disappoinmentThe acting is cheesy Bogart is his usual plastic
self but acceptable considering the time it was made  The dialogue is only good if you pretend that
its done tongue in cheek which it isnt  and if you are of the opinion that lines like Is that cannon
fire or the beating of my heart and I cant think anymore so you think for both of us are not
laughable then you are wallowing in selfdenial  Ill bet you saw Titanic more than twice in the
theaters tooThis is often called a war movie but dont be fooled  its even less about war than Gone
With the Wind which is to say that there is a war happening but its largely irrelevant as a plot
contrivance which incidentally is entirely inaccurate from a historical prospective  There was no
such thing as a letter of transitIn essence a glorified chickflick which will hopefully fall away
into nostalgic obscurity as my generation continually thrusts spectacular films by Kubrick may he
rest in peace Fincher well Fight Club and Seven anywayand Ridley into the forefrontThis reminded me
of many of the 1970s sleazy films with tons of unlikeable characters with low morals and being
portrayed by the sick scriptwriters as good people This movie was a favorite of of many especially
teenage girls who saw a real poor role model in Jennifer Greys Frances Baby Houseman Grey was
extremely irritating to watch to listen to a big pain in the butt I laugh at some of these reviews
that cite her depth and dimension Give me a break shes a slimeball Only a likewise immature bimbo
would enjoy this movieAs bad as Greys character is in here Patrick Swayzes Johnny Castle isnt a
whole lot better Hes a guy trying to seduce a teenager via his dancing prowess Thats all we need to
see in that age of child sex molesters on the web and who knows where else At least she was 17 so I
guess the filmmakers felt that was old enoughFrom the sexobsessed leads to abortions to the father
changing his mind and giving approval to this male scum this script offers nothing redeemable Baby
has no clue about anything and is one of the dumbest characters ever seen on film I am not surprised
to read about so many reviewers who thought this was cool when they were young and stupid but now
that they are a lot more mature look at this film again almost in shock at how bad it looks to them
now Good for them at least theyve grown upThose who made this movie were like You know what would be
AWESOME If weve made a movie with 80s style and music but check now set in 60s hahaha amazing right
And others were like thats the best idea ever So they made thisI just read a number of user reviews
and all I have to say is that Youre all sick  This lamebrained terribly scripted terribly
constructed terribly acted movie is your Favorite Movie of All TimeThis is the movie that made me
avoid Ghost for over a year definitely a mistake because after seeing this I incorrectly assumed
that anything with Patrick Swayze in it was just going to be BADThe storys been told before
repeatedly I might add  Even if the story hadnt been told before every aspect of the movie is
completely predictable  Most of the dialogue is more laughable than most spoofs of Star Trek at
least when those people are spoofing Shatner as Kirk theyre trying to be funny  And the actingugh
even if the dialogue wasnt so bad most of the principals are so wooden you could use them as
surfboardsThe dancing scenesokay they were pretty good  But unless youre Kelly Astaire or Rogers
dance scenes do not a good movie makeI can see people being entertained by this movie  I really can
just not me  But to call it your favorite movie of all time AAAARRRRGGGHHHHDirty Dancing is in my
opinion a dreadful cheesy movie I disliked it the first time I saw it and my opinion of it has not
changed since then It is a badly directed and produced film and far to sickly sweet It is an awful
movie which for some strange reason was very popular despite its awfulness Even the song The Time of
Our Lives is dreadful Middle Of the Road bland 80s popbad music for a very bad film If you have any
taste whatsoever DO NOT watch this movieI have never understood the popularity of this movie
Terrible acting stupid storyline unlikable characters and no its not a generational thing because Im
the same age as Jennifer Grey Its just a ridiculous movie plain and simple Thats allThis is one of
those movies that I will never understand how anyone with half an amount of common sense would ever
like I was once convinced to watch this movie with a certain girlfriend who was thoroughly upset and
unable to understand how I could say it was AWFUL And yes I am ashamed enough to admit that I really
have seen itPainfully ALL of it The love story itself is straight cheesy and pathetic but however
one can come to expect this in the case when a movie like this is made to fit in a specific genre
like chick flicks So I can cope with that I myself am a sucker for good emphasis on GOOD romantic
movies But this This specimen clearly trashes all conception of what a love story SHOULD be1 Patrick
Swayze as a macho studtough guy does not work2 Patrick Swayze as a macho studtough guy who dances
competitively does not work3 The dialog in this movie is terrible I need only point out the part in
which Baby asks Johnny if he has had many women Ladies If you feel the need to ask a question such
as this you already know the answer regardless of what is said in response 4 The part that REALLY
gets me The above scene in which Baby hops in bed with Johnny IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS another scene in
which Baby has witnessed another character that is her female friend having gone through what is
assumed to be an abortionor painful complications You get my point It defies and basically destroys
any sort of good character that this film tries to presentNow I understand this movie is a product
of the late 80s So I will accept that as responsibility for SOME of its major flaws But
realistically the only good thing I can say about it is the job that was done compiling the
soundtrack Go buy it It is honestly outstanding But this remains the sole gem among a large heaping
of disgusting trash that everyone just seems to keep digging into and claiming its really good
stuffFor the sake of sparing yourself a waste of 100 mins that could be used doing otherwise useful
and enjoyable things I advise you to avoid this movie at all costs It is certainly not what others
crack it up to be regardless of what they tell you And in case you do end up seeing itjust know you
were warnedDirty Dancing is plot lacking the acting is horrid and the dialog is absolutely pathetic
Im sorry to hurt any true fans of the movie but after I was told how wonderful it was I was
completely let down  I will say one nice thing about it the dancing was nice i guessIm not sure Ill
ever understand why such a vapid inane and formulaic movie got so popular  I understand it has
something to do with immature females who think this is quality romance The dry sex to music is just
annoying and the lead character is named Johnny Castle  For a real movie with real romance watch
CasablancaOMG this has to be the crappiest film of them all I mean it has to be seen to be believed
Who in their right mind would want to spend their summer at a camp with a bunch of sexually
repressed twits and old ladies who cant dance Almost seemed like an asylumSo what do we have here A
macho boy who can dancea dumb cute spoiled girl who cantanother girl who can dance but finds out she
is pregnant and cant dance with macho boy in the danceoffnerd son of the owner of the resort who has
the hots for dumb spoiled girlclueless sister of dumb spoiled girlMacho dancing boy teaches dumb
spoiled girl to dance as good as him yeah rightboth macho boy and dumb girl fall in love and do the
danceoff and live happily ever after Instant classicyeah rightI regret that I actually sat through
this yawnfest twice The second time was only because some kid in my acting class told me he had a
cameo so I rented it again just to watch for him At any rate I found it to be a major disappointment
The script was cheesy the plot was bland and the Grand finale dance scene was just okay Certain
elements of the storyline were unbelievableThe ugly duckling goes to the Catskills with her family
and falls for a handsome dance teacherwho falls in love with her BUT her dad believes this guy A got
his dance partner pregnant just because he was helping the girl and B Stole some stuff because an
envious Matron set him upEven if he wasnt a thief WHY would she even like this guy I mean hes a good
dancer but would YOU want a guy who slept around with wealthy older women you could catch something
I kept thinking if everyone would just come out and say the truth in this movie there wouldnt be 500
misunderstandings going on at onceTHe parts of the story that could have been played up were played
down and vice versa None of the characters were endearing At all I felt empathy for no one Baby was
bland her sister was a brat Johnny was a revamping of Swayzes Outsiders character except for the
dancing and the late great Jerry Orbach was reduced to a cardboard cutout character of a domineering
father Such injusticeAvoid this one like the plagueAfter sitting through this film I have decided
that it is one of the WORST movies I have ever seen I knew it the moment I was subjected to three
teenage girls screaming and overacting when they OMG meet again and then watching the same thing
only done by women old enough to be my mom And that was only the first few minutes Yeesh So here are
my comments1 Middle aged women  ridiculous dance moves complete with hip thrusts and over the top
costumes  not a good idea2 Pierce Brosnan could not sing his way out of a paper bag Nor could
practically anyone else in this pile of excrement for that matter3 The songs were so random It was
obvious to me that they were thrown willy nilly into the incredibly contrived and STUPID plot4 My
three year old nephew could have written a better scriptI was either cringing or laughing derisively
during the movie And I normally really like movie musicals Of course they are bound to be a bit
cornybut this was ridiculous What a waste of talent I mean you have great actors and actresses in
this movieI am embarrassed for them that this is now a part of their career I regret wasting my
money and time on this piece of crapI dont know where most of you were at but where I watched the
film we didnt have people singing as some have told they experienced we had people laughing mostly
at the campy plot line the horrible dance sequences and the singing of the likes of Brosnan The only
people in the audience who seemed to be enthralled with the film were the seventies generation folks
who were some how reliving the past with the songs I was a DJ in the seventies and even went to the
ABBA concert at Northlands Coliseum in Edmonton in Sept of 79 so I did appreciate them then and I
still do now But this film should have gone the same way as their marriages and ended in divorce The
sequences were so poorly staged the dubbing and editing absolutely horrible and this has to be
Meryls worst production I cannot believe an academy award winner would stoop so low as to do this
piece of garbage So save your money wait for it to come out on DVD and then maybe spend your money
on something better like cat litterI love musicals all of them from joyous Oklahoma to Poignant
Porgy and Bess to the touching romantic Damn Yankees And I know most of the songs sometimes singing
them spontaneously with a crowd or humming them aloneIn a real musical as differentiated from this
vaudeville show every song is painstakingly crafted to fit the exact moment It is an expression of
sadness regret love joy or exaltationa natural extension where mere words fail So in Guys and Dolls
My Time of Day describes the adventurous life of Sky Masterson as it is about to be compromised by
the most unlikely woman Every song in this brilliant exemplar of the genre sets a mood or develops a
character creating a phantasmagoria of place turned absolutely believable by the self disclosing
evocations of songFor this lover of the Broadway Musical and their adaptations to the screen during
the last half of the 20th century Mama Mia is somewhere between satire and a cruel fun house
distortion of the genre There the songs of these musicals advanced the often elaborate often
delightful plot lines While here the songs simply picked up from a collection only interfered with
the shaky premise of the filmPerhaps most of those viewers who are making this film into a
monumental success simply have no exposure to the art form of 20th century Musicals They have no
idea of the magic performed by writer and lyricist that can turn a dance hall floozy into someone
whom we know and love as achieved in Sweet CharityLet me offer an apology for the arrogance of this
review Perhaps another day another mood I could have gotten into it and not have been so critical in
this reviewBut I cant help but imagining what Richard Roger Oscar Hammerstein Cole Porter Irving
Berlin and so many others could have done even with with this silly premise I think about it while
the memories of seeing this film is fresh and I can not help but to mourn the great lossWhen Dante
Faust Nietzsche and Kafka wrote about the solitude and despair of human existence this is what they
were actually writing about Sitting there watching this movie made me feel alone in the world with
no hope of rescue but for the inevitable end of this shrill musicalDo you remember when you saw a
scary movie for the first time at a very early age and kept telling yourself that it was going to be
over soon Or when you looked into the closet at night and had to turn away because your mind couldnt
take it This is how I felt waiting for this movie to be over It was simply the bottom of the barrelI
am not crazy about musicals to begin with and went to see it with two of my family members whom I
knew would enjoy it on some level I dont regret going because sometimes its OK to see a movie with
and for a friend If you like musicals Im sure it wont traumatize you as it did me and anyway I
suppose theres also nothing wrong with people singing and wanting to enjoy themselvesI just dont
want to ever be a part of it if its going to look and sound like thisThis is my second review of
Mamma Mia as I now have had the chance to watch it as a movie rather than a screen version of the
successful stage showI think that being eager to have the distribution rights Universal gave Judy
Craymer the producer a free reign to make the film as she wished Ms Craymer with no experience of
films or filming believed that she had an epic musical on her hands She roped in her stage director
Phyllida Lloyd who has never made a film before and had no idea how to transform the show from the
confines of the theatre onto the big screen She also roped in her stage choreographer and many other
stage crew who also have no idea of the transformation from stage to big screen and the result is an
amateurish production that relies totally on the ABBA feelgood factor and a participating audienceMs
Craymers idea was to cast bigname stars who despite the film being a musical had no singing or
dancing abilities If that was not bad enough she also hired a cinematographer who had problems
getting the light correct and camera angles right Everything about the film is terrible and an
embarrassment to watch at times The screaming girls at the beginning Brosnan looking more like James
Bond in drag Julie Walters hopelessly overacting Meryl Streep and Christine Baranski behaving like
girl guides on their first date despite supposedly being mature women in their 40s or 50s The
ensemble who were more like young children in a school play than professional dancers Even in their
brief cameos Benny and Bjorn grinned at the camera as though it was the first time they had ever
been filmed Catherine Johnsons lacklustre script that sounded more like a working class play We
danced on the beach and kissed on the beach and dot dot dot to quote a ludicrous example Brosnan
occasionally talking as if he was on the football terraces particularly when he cheered Meryl on
during Souper Trouper Did anyone check the continuity on the film as there seemed to be so many
disjointed examples particularly whilst Meryl Streep was singing Mamma Mia At the end when the main
stars were dressed in spandex suits they could not contain their laughter When Meryl sang the moving
The Winner Takes It All she and Brosnan stood motionless whilst the camera whizzed around in the air
The Voulez Vous scene when you could not even work out what was happening on screen as the camera
angles were so erraticEven though I have seen the stage show many times I have no wish to buy the
DVD when it is released as the film was to put in generously nothing other than a disastrous
amateurish production and probably the worst ever transformation of stage musical to screen
Doubtless the crew cast distributors financers and ABBA are not bothered They still got their Money
Money Money and are laughing all the way to the bankThis is the worst movie I have seen in the last
five years If you think ugly Americans stinking it up in a foreign country is bad you should see
these Brits ruining a picturesque little slice of Greece Everybody acts like theyre drunk and having
a grand old time its excruciating to watch Nobody can sing Meryl Streep has done somber depressed
roles in the past that are really good but she is just terrible in this movie I hope this doesnt
mean she has lost her ability to pick good roles for herself This movie felt like the actors got on
board because they thought it would be great fun to have a party in Greece but they forgot they had
to make a movieI like Abba but couldnt stand the singing Why the hell didnt they voice over the
original version This must be a rhetorical question  Just to prevent Agnetha and AnniFrid from
getting any cent How generous Next the plot  It is about a bunch of silly British people that
colonize is there any other word for people that invade other countries to bring their despicable
habits and ignore the locals a beautiful Greek island Without even trying to speak a word of Greek
they manage an hotel for British tourists hope the credit crunch ruined themGo to Benidorm Spain and
meet those morons and see how they behave thereFor me it was simply painful I had to leave the
theater my wife stayed and told me that the audience was clapping during the credits Expectations
are quite low these timesI think the only thing that made the success of this movie is Abba music A
computer generated musical with chimpanzees singing Abba would have succeeded as well If you like
Abba watch Priscilla the movie is much betterMY wife  who never goes to movies said lets go see
Mamma Mia on our 15th wedding celebration and I unwittingly said yes Now understand I love chick
flicks like Sleepless youve got mail etc  but I was not prepared for this movie I looked it up and
saw comedy Pierce Bronson etc and thought OH OK I will never trust PIERCE again and will read every
review before saying OK again I was in so much pain that a person behind us asked me to stop talking
during the show and I was MOANING Meryl Streep was SINGING Pierce was screeching The sound volume
was so loud it hurt my ears  I am hard of hearing  The only cast member who belonged in this movie
was Christine Baranski who kept it from 0Having avoided seeing the movie in the cinema but buying
the DVD for my wife for Xmas I had to watch it I did not expect much which usually means I get more
than I bargained for But Mamma Mia  utter utter cr I like ABBA I like the songs I have the old LPs
But this film is just terrible The stage show looks like a bit of a musical but this races along
with songs hurriedly following one another no characterisation the dance numbers which were heavily
choreographed according to the extras on the DVD are just thrown away with only half the bodies ever
on screen the dance chorus of north Europeans appear on a small Greek island at will while the set
and set up of numbers would have disgraced Cliff Richards musicals in the sixtiesMeryl see me Im
actingStreep cant even make her usual mugging effective in an overthetop musical Her grand piece
The Winner Takes It All  is Meryl at the Met Note to director  it should have been shot in stillness
with the camera gradually showing distance growing between Streep and Brosnan Some of the singing is
awful karaoke on amateur night The camera cannot stop moving like bad MTV One can never settle down
and just enjoy the music enthusiasm and characters But what is even worse is how this botched piece
of excre has become the highest grossing film in the UK and the best selling DVD to boot Blair
Campbell and New Labour really have reduced the UK to zombies  critical faculties anyoneIts been a
while since Ive watched this awful piece of Hollywood trash but I felt the need to contribute my
point of view on why I believe Mamma Mia is an overrated soap operaIll start by saying that I love
ABBA Ive been a fan since my youth Then one day I saw an ad on TV about this film combining ABBA
songs with a cast of actors I adore Even though Im not a fan of musicals saying I generally dislike
them would be an understatement I thought what the hell So I watched itI can only say that I was
appalled The first thing that hit me was the awful technicolor It was too bright almost like
tripping on something Then there was the singing dancing and Acting not that you can call it that
Meryl Streep bless her soul portrayed an unstable woman And it wasnt even funny  How could she sink
down like that I was speechless What were the directors thinking To degrade her like that I love her
I really do but Meryl Streep cant sing Or dance And they made her do bothThe other actors Like
Pierce Brosnan Whose idea was it to give this man a singing role He cant carry a tune At all It was
a pain to watchThen the plot Predictable and boring But one can live with that right I guess But
then they sang everything in the most horrible ways possible It was fake it was boring  a complete
and utter flunk A waste of time and sanityDo yourself a favor and dont watch Mamma Mia Go buy an
ABBA CD and enjoy their music in its pure delightful formIn the end all this film has done was to
almost ruin ABBA for me Ill get over it one day but its a scar I have to bare nowIts not that I
dislike romance anything but this has movie tries so hard to be some sort of acronym to the word
chick flick that it ends up shooting you to death with its intended love arrows Now could it be that
I cant relate the alleged lovers in this movie I mean I wasnt born in the 30s Im not a soldier so I
was never in any wars havent we seen enough WW2 stories by the way and of course I dont have any
family as of yet But surely the universal power love is something everyone can relate to Especially
when depicted by a movie that uses no other element to drive its plot Think again the definition of
love shown in this film is so naive sugarcoated and completely oblivious of anything in the real
world that it makes Star Wars look like something from the Discovery channelThe so called couple in
this film are only in love because the movie says they are not because theres any sort of chemistry
between the actors and not because the characters themselves even act like Even Allies alleged
interest in painting felt so tacked on shallow and fake it made my head hurt Speaking of Allie it
actually infuriates me to see the character acting like she has absolutely no control over her
libido because the sex is just about the only thing the couple seems to have in common and the only
thing aside from arguing that they enjoy doing together And yet this movie is supposed to be oh so
romanticIts by some small miracle that this movie got the raving reviews it did luckily it seems
most of those were given by teenage girls and their tool boyfriends no Oscars or anything so I dont
have to completely give up on humanity yet If one day your girlfriend suddenly shows up all lyrical
about this movie and wants it to share it with you Id strongly advise any guy to end that
relationship pronto Your girlfriend will obviously already have built up her own twisted fantasy of
what a relationship should be like a fantasy that no guy live or dead could possibly live up to Stay
awayWhy this movie is rated so high is beyond me Dont get me wrong Im a girl love Ryan Gosling and
was pretty much excited about watching the movie Unfortunately when this torture finally finished
after two long and excruciating hours I just couldnt help to think that this mustve been the
corniest piece of trash in the history of movie making The lead actors in my opinion had zero
chemistry and Ryan Gosling really disappointed me as Noah The diversity of facial expressions was
basically nonexistent and the acting was bad And whats up with the character of Noah Was he supposed
to act and sound like a psycho Cause if he was they did a hell of a job Rachel McAdams was really
pretty and thats basically it And the ending Oh the ending It was so lame and unrealistic it made me
gag Whats heartbreaking and sad about it is a mystery to me I dont know maybe I just cant see the
grandness of The Notebook but I certainly dont wish to come across it againMy wife and I watched The
Notebook last night Within ten minutes we were furious at how slow cliché and predictable it was And
then it just got worse and worse It was so very very bad that we were actually drawn to watch in
perverse embarrassed horror as each scene plodded through stale obvious dialog and the actors tried
to salvage what was obviously a terrible muddle by overacting I cant begin to convey just how awful
this movie is in every sense Leave aside the horrendously dull clichéridden script the terrible
acting the hamfisted directing the swelling tearjerker music and the incredibly obvious plot  Even
the freaking costumes were terrible The fake facial hair looked like it was done by 3rdgraders If
movies are meant to fascinate then this one did all right I consider this the worst film I have seen
in at least five years but rarely if ever have I and my wife been compelled to stay all the way
through such abysmal crap out of some sort of hilarious anger at how were were wasting our own time
I mean we were jumping on the couches ad screaming in warped glee as each predictable plot point was
tediously checked off the directors checklist All the way to the very last shot in the backstory of
her coming back and them hugging in a swirl of stock sentimental string music  OF COURSE SHES COMING
BACK And the front story They uh die TOGETHER My God We could not stop howling Was he even sick No
He just died  just because Because it went with the sickeningly sweet music I guess Then I come here
expecting to be vindicated and I find a bunch of comments by people who were actually taken in by
this plodding pathetic drivel What in the world is up I usually am with IMDb folks on their 78s but
man alive folks step away from the KoolAidthere are three things I look for in movies quality acting
a good script and originality of the storythis movie had none of these Could it have been any more
cliché the only thing that impressed me was Allies wardrobe and the car she was driving Ive seen
better acting on lifetime and so many unnecessary parts that are completely pointless A walk to
remember is about a hundred times better and it didnt get half the attention this movie did If youre
not aware already its based on a book by the same author as the notebook if you want to see a moving
love story youll be disappointed from this film unless youre 13cant believe all the raveit is not
deserveda total waste of my timeIm sorry This movie is one of THE Chick Flicks of our time and I
just hated it I get angry when people begin to discuss it at parties My eyes flash and roll my pulse
quickens and my breath whooshes out in indignation Rachel McAdams was absolutely brilliant in Mean
Girls but she had no place in this role Adorable dimples are not a good enough reason for casting
Ryan Gosling was appropriately creepy in Murder by Numbers but again not right for this romantic
role Drippy dialog and weak acting aside here was my main problem with the movie He never tried to
find her Why did he send the letters to her home where her disapproving mother was instead of to her
at school Why did he never try to visit her at school or write to her at school Why did she never
try to write to him the entire time she was away at school I could not buy the greatest love story
of all times from these two because they didnt even try And unfortunately neither actor won me over
through the plot flawsI cant believe someone agreed to make a film from this script Everything is so
blatantly obvious and no character goes through a journey They are all one dimensional and boring
There is no suspension let alone any twistsSaying all this the photography is good and the acting
isnt that bad Still this doesnt warrant 2 starsAh yes Ill just mention there are some uninspiring
sex scenes and the film is also at least half an hour too longIf you want to see a great love story
where you feel with he characters and dont know why or how until the end check The English PatientI
am no one special Just a common man with common thoughts Ive lead a common life There are no
monuments dedicated to me and my name will soon be forgotten But in one respect Ive succeeded as
gloriously as anyone who ever lived Ive loved another with all my heart and soul and for me that has
always been enoughRight Are you sure it was enough For you still had to write a gloriously stupid
book and make a gloriously stupid movie based on it Not only stupid Trite empty boring A glorious
disasterThe characters are dull Noah is what Manicdepressive Manic in the first 5 minutes and
throughout the rest of the movie depressive Does he even fit the elderly character you know the
grandpa who winks to young nurses Of course not On the contrary Allie is always hysterical and all I
got to hear were her constant screams She seems and sounds like shes trying to reanimate a dead
person Noah That person would probably kill her after the outcome and then peacefully die again I
think she would do perfect in a role of the serial killers principal victim Explicit edition onlyThe
music is simply unbearableAnd what about the children There is only one scene with the all three of
them How superficial does one need to be to put them in only one scene and have us believe that they
are actually a big part of their grand love and happy fairy tale life The daughter says Dad come
home we miss you But dad had more important issues He loved mom so much that he had to call on the
whole divine demonic extraterrestrial voodooetc gang to make them die together Touchy Who cares
about children anywayAnd sooooooo many other bugs Damn I dont even know why Im writing this I feel
like one of Jeffrey Dahmers zombies Even that should feel better than being this numb after watching
this piece of you know whatThe only good thing about this movie is Joan Allens performanceI found
this movie offensive Its popularity is telling of the selfish delusional expectations and lack of
consideration for anybody other than the couple in fact the couples happiness should be at the
expense of every other person even when they are portrayed in good characterUnlike other love story
chick flick components to movies such as titanic etc the guy she left who she also happened to be
unfaithful to for her true love was portrayed as a nice guy throughout the movie No sympathy was
attributed to this guy even though his loss was at the expense of herAnother example of this was
shown that the couple had 4 children ranging from young teen to adult When the movie ended with the
pair of them in bed both expiring at the same time several people claim this was a happy event a
good way to go Well it is for the 2 people rather the one that would not have outlived the other and
thus would not suffer the loss However they are not the only 2 people in the world there were 4
children I have had the misfortune of losing a parent If I lost both at the same time I dont think I
would have thought that was such a happy event This is another example of the focus on the love
romance at any cost to others This happens in a lot of movies but normally it happens less and the
loss is to the bad guyIt goes to show how most women in our society primarily at a young age will
over value to say the least the love  romance if you want to call it that at the expense of anybody
elses happiness  even when they are portrayed as good charactersWhat a predictably maudlin movie
Rather than list the clichés used here it would be easier to list the clichés passed upHeres onegive
it 110 This movie gives about 30 at best The actors are sleepwalking so it seems The only emotion in
the movie the awkward courtshiplove scenes and Allies annoying habit of squealing are painful to
watchI only watched it to the end to make sure the two old fools died everyone knew withing 15
minutes of the start what the situation wasWhich makes it reminiscent of Titanic for me where I was
hoping every minute after the first 60 that Leonardo DiCaprio would just die alreadyYou may cry out
due to complete boredom and instances of sudden outbursts of laughter due to this movies allround
stupid and unrealistic plot Just so sad to see two fabulous classic actors accept supporting roles
in a poorly written movie with countless obvious mistakes many being historical in nature from a
terrible bookI think if they had a different writing team different researchers and ditched those
two awful youth actors who belong in teen flicks and those stupid giant lizard and shark movies on
the SciFi channel the movie may have been good if the focus was on the late stages of their life and
not the early When they were young it was all totally unrealistic cloudy rolls in the hay giant
rivers filled with birds and a wet sundress contest and pouty fights But the roles Gena Rowlands and
James Garner were totally different and could really make a wonder movieThe many historical flaws
were very distracting Such as her jewelry styles The types of pearls a betrothed upper class girl at
her age were totally wrong Also the lack of progression of the fashions through the decade of their
youth is wrong especially for someone w moneyUnusually I would say read the book but that was just
as bad My recommendation is watch a different movie Oh and I SO totally agree with dallas_viewer s
review This person hit it on the nose Also kj_justice s review is spot on except for the Disney
comment Sappy Disney romance is one kind I always love This review may contain spoilers Youve been
warned Twilight was a terrible film adaption of a lets face it mediocre novel I went into the
theater with an open mind not expecting brilliance but expecting to be entertained Well I guess I
was technically entertained since I laughed throughout most of the movie Sadly I wasnt laughing at
purposely funny moments I was laughing at the awkward acting of the actors and the terrible
dialogueNow this is where it gets tricky Do we blame the screenwriter or the author The movie made
me realize just how corny the books dialogue was I found myself rolling my eyes when I wasnt
laughing at every word out of the actors mouth Especially the dialogue between Edward and Bella Now
the dialogue could have been over looked if the actors were able to deliver them Alas whoever
decided to do casting for this film decided to cast every actor with the acting ability of a toaster
Now a toaster is a inanimate object and therefore cannot act Get the hint What made me laugh the
hardest was at the end of the movie when Bellas mother decides to inform Phil VIA TEXT MESSAGE that
Bella is alright I was so shocked that she was really texting him that I turned to my friend and
whispered Bellas okay LOL Really though Text messages I would think that informing your potential
spouse of your childs well being would warrant a phone call at leastNow I have to point out the
scene where Edward decides to flash Bella the goods He wants to educate her in the ways of the
vampire He cannot go out into sunlight NOT because hell burn or turn to dust but because he turns
into a failed childrens art project Reading the scene in the book I already knew whoever turned the
book into a film was going to have issues with the scene However I really thought theyd aim for
something above spraying Robert Pattinson with water then dumping craft store glitter on him I didnt
even notice the sparkles at first My friend turned to me and commented The sun hits him and he gets
gross and sweaty because lets face it thats what he looked like Damp and dirty Oh baby I can hardly
contain myself I could go on and nit pick at everything but Im just going to wrap it up and say this
movie was awful and Im disappointed in the screenwriter as well as the director I feel like
Hardwicke was too focused on making the miseenscene beautiful and aesthetically pleasing which is
all well and good but in doing so she over looked her cast of actors who would probably get over
looked at a high school play audition with the way they displayed their acting abilities in this
movie Though maybe I take back the part of being disappointed in the screenwriter since you can only
do so much with the source material youre handedBRING ON THE TWILIGHT FANS I CAN TAKE THEM Shields
at maximum powerI would give this movie no stars This movie is pathetic I mean so pathetic The
acting was awful The movie starts well but once they introduce the Cullens its pretty much downhill
Ashley Greene looks good as Alice Jackson Rathbone looks constipated as Jasper a wooden plank would
have been a more convincing Edward Robert Pattinson deserves the Razzie second thought his acting is
so horrible that a razzie is like honoring him Vampires are supposed to be scary when Edward scales
trees he acts like a monkey move over Kong The baseball match looks like Super Mario Sluggers on
steroids HorribleThe scene where Edward glitters is pathetic It looks someone dumped some glitter on
him On the other hand Charlie Swan and Jacob were spot onOver all the director tried too hard and
lost it all I strongly believe someone with more experience should direct a high profile film like
this This movie doesnt appeal as a Vampire movie or as a Romantic movie Its pathetic JuryLets face
it the movie was a total let down I had low expectations Extremely low but the movie disappointed me
even then The amazing love story we all read in the books was transformed into a whiny preteen
nightmare There was chemistry between Robert and Kristen there is no denying that but I didnt feel
the need that is in the books They are supposed to be Icantlivewithoutyou takemeforever
Imdevotedtoyoualways in love Unless you want to count that one incident in Eclipse but lets face it
most of us dont but all I saw was a bored vampire and an indifferent girlThe one thing that made me
most angry was the complete disregard for the meadow scene It is a VERY important part in the book
where they pretty much declare themselves to each other This meadow scene lasted all of 10 seconds
and consisted of them staring at each other They changed around the timing of the movie so much that
it almost made no sense Lets face it the book was a good story but the writing wasnt up to par It
was pretty much written to be turned into a movie and the screenwriter obviously didnt realize
thatSure Robert was smoking hot dont lie you saw the ray bands but his performance of Edward was
terrible The first time Bella walked into the Biology class I laughed at his expression as did most
people in the theater some of them were too busy squealing His badlycovered up English accent was
also laughableJasper was perfect the person that made me laugh during the movie because if you
looked not at where the camera was focused in most scenes you could see him lurking in the
background and I think it fit his character well Carlisle was cast to a T as were Esme Jessica
Rosalie Emmett and Alice They all fit their parts well even if I imagined Alice a little bouncier
Emmett a little bigger and Rosalie a bit more bitchyOh the camera work Im not denying it I liked the
flickers between scenes at times but after a while it can give you a headache The insane closeups
did NOT do what they were supposed to show the intensity instead they made me where they were half
the time and realize how much makeup the actors where wearing Every time there was a close up on
Robert it was totally obvious he was wearing contacts Seriously look for the lineThe one thing that
was actually done really well was the climax with the ballet studio and James The fight scene was
pretty cool and I totally believed that James wanted to kill Bella right there But with every up
there is a down After James is killed and They are taking care of Bella why couldnt Edward have been
more upset Its written right in the book that he all but cries when he sees herThe movie was hyped
up to an extreme so it was obvious it would be a let down I just didnt know how bad it actually was
I dont get why they couldnt do little things that would have made it a bit better The biology class
incident Bella wearing blue Why the hell did James have to bite her arm instead of her hand Would
that have been SO hard to change All in all go see it if you are a Twilight fan but be weary If you
arent stay away because you will not understand a thing that is going on As I said in my title
somewhere Edwards is rolling over in his hypothetical coffin yes I know they dont sleep in coffins
or sleep period for that matter but thats why its hypotheticalThe only reason I never read Twilight
when it first came out long before it was popular was because I read a book review stating that it
was a clichéd and traditionaltwo things that I hate more than anything The only reason I watched the
movie was so I could actually understand what the vast majority of America was talking about when
they raved about it I came with low expectations and an open mind I reassured myself after all I do
enjoy love stories when theyre original and memorable so this couldnt be too bad right Three hours
later I left the theater feeling as if I was just released from a torture device and struggled
desperately to my car on weak legs that just walked through hell on earth Is my last sentence
melodramatic Maybe but compared to the cheesy melodrama that IS the plot of Twilight me sitting
through that atrocious movie looks downright lifeordeathFrom the first scene to the last at least 13
of every scene in the movie is filled with nothing but characters staring at each other or at
various things Ive never thought I would have to sit here and actually type up a complete paragraph
complaining about the amount of staring in a movie but folks the day has come Bella meets Edward
they dont talk they literally just stare The vampire plot point is reveled they stare Bella is in a
lifeordeath situation she stares at whatever is about to kill her At one point a car is ready to
crush her and what does she ohsorealistically do Stare at itThe acting is that hilariously bad
During the majority of the movie Bella has a look on her face that is a mix between being high and
having an orgasmwhile staring Edward despite what the horny preteen girls and middleaged women want
to believe is a walking selfparody Cheesy lines that he repeats over and over again unintentionally
cheesy lines Im so hot and that makes me a perfect killer and did I mention hes supposedly hundreds
of years old yet he still acts like an angstycreepyweirdvirginguy So how was the story Its based on
a novel so it has to have a plot right Wrong Put simply vampire romance is the most unoriginal idea
ever to hit literature Not to mention movies like Near Dark and Let the Right One In already beat
the overused plot bloody on the big screen Essentially Twilight in one line is boy and girl fall in
love boy must sacrifice everything for girl as she sits there like a pretty Barbie doll and Kristen
Stewart isnt even much to look at here then they both commit And while youre watching it it seems
even less interesting than that There is zero entertainment value unless youre a hopelessly horny
female who humps her pillow with images of Edward in her head or youre a hopelessly pathetic male
who just wants to impress his girlfriend because he can relate to a emotional love story I cant
comment on the former but seriously Im a guy who likes love stories and this is NOT a love story Its
a traditionalist middle school English essay with flat characters and no plot other than put two
horny kids together but appeal to the dark crowd by making it a vampire story    without even
showing fangsOther dishonorable mentions 1 Twilight  Napoleon Dynamite  the humor  stupid subplots 2
The Restrain yourself Edward dont suck her blood scene brings unintentional cheese to a new level 3
The movie never ends two hours seems like eternity in hell 4 Baseball doesnt make edgeofyourseat
action 5 There is no action 6 There are no real vampires unless you count prettyboys 7 Stephanie
Myers completely screws up the vampire myths I almost feel sorry for Catherine Hardwicke Shes an
amazing director and she singlehandedly turned this stupid crapfest into a welldone movie on a
technical level and everything else was out of her hands But who would honestly turn down the money
this movie would bring in I dont blame her I blame Stephanie MyersI also feel sorry for the
countless people who watch this and think its a quality love story thus never being exposed to the
true love stories out there What is Twilight A horny unoriginal childish fantasies put into a movie
That like always wins mass reader and now viewer acclaim I just wish one day popular fiction wasnt a
synonym for retard fiction010This movie was extremely disappointing Ive read all of the Twiligh
books at least twice and loved them so the problem for me was not in the original plot or the
characters but I believe the producer director and the some actors left a lot to be desired I
realize that no matter who they picked to act out the roles they would never look exactly as they
did in my mind but that is no excuse for the horrible acting that went into this movie Some of the
characters were great and true to form Alice Jacob Charlie Renee Bill Carlisle Emmet and Esme and
the kids casted as Bellas classmates jessica mike etc all did a great job But here lies the problem
all of those characters were only in supporting roles during this movie The actors casted as Bella
and Edward in my opinion looked like they didnt know what they were doing for most of the movie they
just looked confused or awkward in a packed movie theater it was sad to see how many people were
laughing during parts that were supposed to be sad or touching just at the mere absurdity of it all
to top that off I didnt feel a great amount of chemistry between Bella and Edward even when she
professed her love to him it seemed childish and kind of random The special effects were also pretty
bad during the parts where theyre supposed to be running really fast they only added a slight blur
behind the actors and some cheesy sound effects that wouldnt have sounded out of place in a
roadrunner cartoon even the TV show Heroes does a better job at showing speed I expected something a
lot better from a movie And all of this is aside from the fact that the movie wasnt really true to
the book on many aspects but I came into the movie expecting that On a personal note I think the
character that was worst casted was Rosalie Rosalie is supposed to be practically the essence of
female beauty this girl had a buttchin and in my and my friends opinion she was on the heavier side
not to say that she wasnt pretty because that would be a lie but i just dont think she quite reached
the level that the real Rosalie was at and I can think of many other actresses that would have been
better suited for the roleAll right so I have read all the books and i LOVE them I love Edward
Cullen and everything okay I just thought the movie was HORRIBLE I may have compared the movie to
the book but even as a movie I did not like it Robert Pattinson is not an Edward Im sorry but he is
not well in my eyes he isnt so no flaming There were many crucial scenes that should have been in
there like the bloodtyping and the meadow which were replaced by other not as important ones I also
think that the sparkle effect was not very good at all I mean seriously a two year old could do that
The dialogue was also delivered all wrong and a romance was turned into a complete comedy Like my
friends and I were literally cracking up the whole time Im not saying that Summit is a bad company
or that Catherine Hardwicke is a bad director or the actors are bad but this movie SUCKEDDont get me
wrong loved the bookswell except for Breaking Dawn hate the movieWhatever you do stay away from this
movie I watched this with low expectations but they werent low enough apparently I expected the
writing of a cheesy fanfiction I expected the acting of a kindergarten play I even expected a bunch
of tweens squealing with joy every time the hero came on screen I still wasnt prepared Dont get me
wrong all of those features were present in large amounts I occasionally saw people in my age group
watching this There was a simple dividing line in the audience Women loved it This is likely because
of the transformation of vampires from legitimate movie monster to weak subhuman toys I want to say
something nice about this movie but I cant To say one positive word about this movie would be
equivalent to treason I cant describe how terrible this movie is without inventing new words for it
The acting was asdfgds The writing was absolutely slacktopularIll define those words when the
English language catches up with this pile of excrement that somebody passed off as a movieI
absolutely hated this movie I went in prepared and fully aware that it wasnt going to be like the
book and that they were going to change it so it was more adaptable to the film I didnt really have
any high expectations I just wanted to see some parts of to life or at least attempt to come to life
I was utterly mouth dropping disappointed I dont know how Stephenie Meyer could have let this even
happen to her precious story There was no character construction you didnt connect with the
characters and this has nothing to do with casting for the actors I dont even blame it on the
director THERE WAS NOOOOOOOOOOOO SUBSTANCE AT ALL You didnt feel any connection with the love story
Events meshed in and clashed due to wrong timing and placement of scenes Crucial scenes were left
out for useless scenes  field trip Even though the scenery was breathtaking they could have cut out
at least 40 minutes of it to develop the storyline better They killed the story It was horrible just
plain horrible This was worse than adaptation of Harry Potter I was disappointed when i first saw
Harry Potter even though i accepted that it would not be the same and still enjoyed the movie This
is on a whole new story At least Harry Potter made you feel like it was the essence of the story
still there just cut short Twilight was just like seeing two strangers that have no real established
connection no relationship They dont even have a friendship and then suddenly they are together and
now they are trying to save this girl who doesnt even seem like is in that much danger to the very
end I laughed in some parts but then there were parts where it was not meant to be funny and they
tried too hard to turn the situation into a comical moment Also the fact that inconsiderate fangirls
were cheering for every useless pathetic scene in that movie didnt help to get into it How can you
call yourself a fan of the series if the essence of it was never even portrayed Even if it wasnt
close to the movie at least show some bonding of characters I dont know how anyone who claims to be
a fan of the book can enjoy this movie without cringing at the fact that they ruined the most basic
story Again I am not talking about the actors performance nor the directing Im talking about the
beautiful aching and pain of the story The soul of the story was never there Will not go to another
premier of any further movies Will consider going to other movies but only to go see some the story
parts being visualized If you disagree that is completely fine To each their own All i know is i
love the book and will always love it but this movie killed me tonightSome movies are so good that
they are talked about often quoted and thought of almost with reverence decades after their first
release Twilight is not one of those movies Twilight is fluff utterly forgettable and gives cause to
wonder why anyone would want to make this movie in the first place This movie is so nondescript and
so devoid of anything that is even remotely interesting that calling it a bad movie would give it
too much credit In times past this movie would have been assigned to the B portion of a double
feature and be given little if any notice The story contains certain interesting features but at no
time does it make any dramatic impact worth noting The movie may work as escapist fare if you feel
like going to the movies to take a nap but given the high price of tickets today that is not an
advisable option So if you feel like taking a nap go watch this movie when it comes out on a DVD or
better yet when it is shown on network television at which time you can start watching it and then
go to sleep in the comfort of your own homeWTF It was so cheesy and corny and awkward I felt like
the actorsactresses didnt mesh well and the movie was just one big cluster F of one scene after
another When there were little jokes it was just awkward silence in the crowd and the entire
relationship of Bella and Edward was very awkward I didnt believe they were in love and the acting
was really bad all around The CGI was pretty bad as well To make them look like they were going fast
all they did was make them blurry I felt like this movie was made with 90s technology This movie had
so much potential to be great but this movie ruined it The only way they can save it now is a reboot
with new actorsactresses and possibly new directorEverything in this movie is  superficial just
pretty imagery and emotional music trying to pull  your heart strings The characters in this movie
are generic stoic anime  characters and they are extremely underdeveloped at thatThe movie  wastes
time with these stupid mtv moments were some bands songs  will start playing and everything goes
into fast forwardIts a  complete waste considering that time could have been spent developing  the
paper thin characters a little more Magic plays a big part in Your  Name because the writer couldnt
figure out how to cover up all the  obvious plot holesMagic always saves the day conveniently and
when  ever something goes wrong It just feels contrived like its only  happening to make you feel
sad  Dont waste your time with this overrated trash its as shallow as a  porn star86 IMDb rating All
those cryptic glowing reviews I was very suspicious but we go to the movies once a week and saw
everything else currently running so we gave in bought our ticket and popcorn 2950 and hoped for
some worthy movie entertainment What we got was a really GOOFY story based on a fantasy premise
which makes you wonder what the hell is going on  and involves a comet Youll more or less figure it
out by the end but the annoying tedium of it all isnt worth the time or money It will appeal to the
anime cult and those selfproclaimed esoteric types who enjoy claiming symbolic meaning in
meaningless thingsI use IMDb as a screening tool for selecting movies to invest my valuable time and
money in but all the ridiculous hype on this one clearly failed me Its not the first time and I
increasingly find that perusing the Hated It reviews is more useful in making a decision on what to
seeThe film reminds me of The Girl Who Leapt Through Time Its also a teenage slice of life romance
with supernaturalscifi elements In Your Name a teenage boy and girl begin mysteriously swapping
bodies at random They end up using this power to help each other leaving messages on each others
bodies Memento style to communicate The girl has confidence issues but the guy finds it easy to be
confident in her body The boy cant talk to girls well one girl but the girl finds this easy in his
body Its an interesting idea that gets dropped 30 minutes in for a weirdly disconnected plotThe art
design was an issue for me The film opens with a TV anime style opening with a bland Jpop song and
visuals straight out of any generic Naruto or Bleach OP Its people running and reaching out for
stars with eyes that do that little wobble thing The character designs are too generic Theyre almost
devoid of personality made to be purely attractive Even the backgrounds are distractingly garish
While often detailed they sap the atmosphere from scenes as they just try to look pretty at odds
with the usually dramatic toneThe characterisation is just as bland The boy puts his hand behind his
head and closes his eyes while he talks to girls and well thats it as far as his personality goes I
dont know what motivates him for most of the film his likes or his dislikes He works at a restaurant
and thats about it I dont even remember his name The girl has breasts which the movie likes to
highlight and shes also a bit nervous Its weird trying to talk about these characters when they dont
have any defining traits they just do things They say anime stuff like baka and oneechan and all
that Jazz Tropes just feel shoved into the characters in place of a personality Its especially
jarring when Ive heard the director compared to Hosoda and Miyazaki directors known for strong
charactersInstead Your Name tries to be more plot focused To properly explain my feelings I have to
go into spoilers The body swapping mechanic as I mentioned earlier mostly just happens in the first
30 minutes of the film This accomplishes some small improvements in each characters lives even
though their personalities are still one dimensional Suddenly the girl dies in an unforeseen meteor
crash We see this happen but the next 20 minutes of the movie are the boy figuring this out This is
despite the fact that he knew the meteor crash was going to happen and its frustrating that it takes
him so long Nothing happens in these 20 minutes to establish any personality or connection with any
characters It felt like wasted time and I was confused why they abandoned their most interesting
plot device The boy then realises because of blatant foreshadowing earlier in the film that he can
time travel to tell the girl about the meteor and he does that Then she tries to get people out of
her town but it doesnt work But then we find out that it did work Were also told that the boy and
the girl are in love A few other things happen then it endsAlthough I love the animation process Im
not interested in watching most anime Its not that most of them are generic thats the case with
every type of media from Hollywood films to video games Its the pornographic power fantasy aspect in
so many of them that makes them feel immature and amateurish Once again in Your Name a
personalityless guy and a personalityless girl with bouncy boobs get together Theres no humanity in
this Its just vacuous but pretty plot events happening in a row Not that I dont like movies that are
about spectacle but this is a drama I should at least have a reason to care about the main
charactersThe movie did nothing to make me care about them In a 2minute montage to another bad Jpop
song they mention that the boy and girl invented an elaborate system to communicate with each other
while body swapping That sounded cool and I wish wed seen them developing this instead of just
telling us it happened Its literal telling instead of showing The bigger issue is that these small
scenes are the only time these characters go through any development These minor issues facing the
boy and girl are solved less than halfway through the movie The movie then just invents unconnected
problems solutions and plot points to fill the other hour of its run time The climax where the girl
warns the townspeople about the comet was more engaging The animations good and it was more exciting
But the flat characters and direction held it back far too muchIll compare it to Hosodas The Girl
Who Leapt Through Time which is similar in terms of plot but far better Spoiler alert for the movie
In TGWLTT at least Your Name has a shorter title the movie constantly hints at a romance between the
main character and one of her friends Its presented as comedic so we dont take it seriously though
The girls personality is established early on and we see that shes generally nice but unlike her
peers she just wants to mess around and doesnt take life seriously This is relatable and its fun to
watch her play around with time This makes the reveal that the romance was serious and that her time
travelling destroyed their chance for a relationship tragic and engaging Theres nothing this
emotionally engaging in Your Name Things just happen that are not set up or paid off well at all
There wasnt anything or anyone I could relate to Its straight up bad film makingRated 1 star to
lower the ridiculously high ratingHad high expectations due to the hype and I liked Shinkais
previous works but was disappointed that it really wasnt special The plot is bland and predictable
the mystery not quite so mysterious and youre expected to suspend disbelief but then one would
expect an incredible journey that makes it all worthwhile when in reality its all rather pedestrian
of the usual teenage pulp romance genre The implausible we are asked to believe thus becomes rather
irritating  when the great unraveling of the mystery is anything butI far prefer Studio Ghiblis
wistfulness and sensitivity in their approach  theres something magical and enthralling in their
hinting at young romance Even in the realm of the impossible eg Arietty the storytelling is
compelling enough to make the deeper currents palpableOh well different strokes and all thatA really
disappointing animation by Shinkai Makoto I used to love his work like 5 Centimeters Per Second but
this time he created a mass of kitsch Yes the animation is beautiful but it cant tell the story Your
Name is just a bad taste anime to entertain the audience and show how Makoto lost his own vision and
style to made a popular popcorn movie like Michael Bay did The thing I cant stand the most is how
the people keep hyping this movie even Makoto told people do not go to the theater watch this movie
The main characters are empty They didnt have a real interaction I cannot understand why the people
think this is emotional Okay maybe the emotion doesnt really need to be rational but I hardly feel
the characters mind At the end the story cannot express any feeling the music is not suitable for
the mood tooIn conclude the whole anime is disappointing The reason is not about how bad it is its
about how Makoto fail to be an artist and a stylist he could beI could talk for hours about why I
hate this film but seeing as I dont want to sound pretentious Ill just say that the story and flow
of the movie just feels like they are just going through the beats and not like its an actual
adventure or story The writing is atrocious the jokes arent funny and the characters are dreadful
and unlikable Thank GOD the animation is beautiful the voice acting is fine and the music is good
But over all you know you messed up when you make your audience scream at there phone while watching
itThis movie sounded interesting from all the reviews I love the theater it was playing at so bonus
time It started slow and remained slow the entire movie It was hard to follow and took a very long
time to figure what the heck was going on A couple of times I caught myself nodding off In fact
someone behind us started snoring and someone else snorted loud when they started to fall asleep it
was that bad I dont understand the rave reviews this movie is getting maybe one has to be a anime
fan to enjoy itAnime isint real cinema anime isint real cinema anime isint real cinemaWay too
longFirst of all I would give it a 6 but I gave it 1 to counter all those ratingsNow I was really
hyped for this movie Seeing wallpapers here and their watching the trailer I developed heaven level
expectations for this film But when I actually watched it it dint please me The music was excellent
and the animation was really detailed and colorful But I found the screenwriting really really bad
It had a great concept but the dialogues were so unsatisfying They didnt do much to make the movie
enjoyable or progress smoothly and the way the story advanced was off People praise the pacing but I
had a lot of troubles with it For instance getting adjusted to their new life was compressed into a
song when it was the most fun part when it should have been given more time And like half of the
movie went to saving the town which was boring and predictable Many people like it so they must have
something to like it But I just couldnt enjoy it It would not make it into a list of my top twenty
fav anime films At least I still listen to the music
