The problem with this film is not its look as it does look amazing but its length and  confusing
nature  Now if youve read the book then I dare say youd have an idea whats going on but if you
havent then what I am told is an awesome epic becomes a rather long film involving walking And boy
do they walk they walk up hills through forests caves and over mountains And then then walk some
more Another fault with the film is that although the cast has been assembled to be true to the book
none of them have any presence at all It all makes you wish that someone with some charisma would
turn up in a car and get on with itI am a big fan of Tolkiens books but the movie doesnt do justice
to them at all and actually is a major annoyance The scenery and most of the personae are actually
depicted very nicely but as soon as acting and talking starts it becomes plain that the story has
been cut changed dumbed down and vulgarized to such a degree that nothing is left of Tolkiens
masterpiece and what remains is just an overlength  fantasy film with a thin story and boring
charactersThe film has the subtlety of a sledgehammer its fundamental assumptions seem to be 1 if a
danger is such that the heroes just might escape then its no real danger and must be enlarged to
ridiculous proportions 2 Comic relief can only be achieved through slapstick of the crudest kind 3
Battle scenes must last at least as long as it would take a fiveyearold to read the corresponding
passages backward in Chinese Moreover if they could be done without special effects they are bad and
must be enhanced 4 A traitor must walk around with a sign saying I am a traitorThe worst example for
this lack of subtlety is that the Ring is handled much too often too openly and with too little care
This trivializes the sinister and threatening item and takes away much of the power of the storyThe
reckless exaggeration in the action scenes is equally awful Case in point the Gate of Moriascene
when the Watcher gives Frodo a ride     in the merrygoround until everyone had a chance to hack at
him the more restrained story in the book is much more effective IMHO Similarly mutilated are the
scenes Crossing of the Brandywine Cutting Cushions in Bree The Burning of the Riders at Weathertop
The Drowning of Sam Gamgee Wizards slug it out in Orthanc and of course They have a Cave Troll and
really all of MoriaThe main hero Frodo gives the impression of a loser all the scenes in which in the book he shows
courage wisdom resolve are cut or changed Worst i find this in the key scenes in the Barrow cut and
at Weathertop There is nothing in the film giving any hint why Frodo might be the best Hobbit in the
ShireDue to the many cut or twisted scenes more than half of the characters have little resemblance
to the ones in Tolkiens LotR Frodo is a loser Merry and Pippin are idiots until they suddenly turn
out to be warrior princes Elrond appears to be permanently pissed off  as if everything  stinks
Strider is just another warrior hero his being a loremaster a healer the greatest traveller of our
time etc does not show Galadriel and Lorien is done so badly that i wish it would have been cut
completely more fair than thought of mortal men is a tall order but Jackson does not even manage
fair Only Gandalf Bilbo and Saruman are rendered more or less wellI could go on nearly every scene
has gone wrong Nothing of the depth of Tolkiens vision the attention he paid to details not only
visual but to finetuning the development of the main characters or the poetry in his creation is
conveyed What remains of the story is not told in a very coherent or convincing fashion neither the
acting nor the special effects are remarkableAll in all a complete and utter failure to turn a great
book into a movieThis film is sooooo overrated Id never read the books so went into this with an
open mind but was massively disappointed It is without doubt one of the most boring films I have
ever seenAt first I quite liked it even though the fx were truly terrible and the acting a little
wooden But after the first half hour it turns into mindless drivel The plot is very dull A group of
creatures have to take a ring to a special place to be destroyed On the way they have to fight
various monsters And that goes on for 3 hours It was so mononetus that I almost fell asleep I have
never fallen asleep during any film but this one really had me dozing offIt has a total lack of
humor and emotion and the CGI effects are so fake looking that it ruins any sense of drama Really
how scary is an army of blurry CGI monsters running at youThe action set pieces have no tension and
you are left with a feeling of Okay hurry up and beat this monster so we can get to the next one
Thats what its like It has NO sense of excitment danger or suspense and that has to be down to the
terrible direction of Peter JacksonThe only joy I had watching this was laughing at some of the
performances Does Elijah Wood realise that he has ONE expression in the whole film Does Cate
Blanchette realise how rediculous her lines are Do Sean Bean and Viggo Mortensen realise that they
look like rejects from an 80s heavy metal act And whats with Ian McKellan Hes doing nothing more
than a bad impression of Merlin the WizardIn years to come this film will be regarded along the
lines of Titanic and Independance Day If its luckyThis review contains SPOILERSAll qualities of the
book were sacrificed for the sake of an action film full of cheap plot devices gratuitous and often
illogical story changes and poor characterization The scenery was actually great if the camera would
ever stop whirling around long enough to allow it to be enjoyed I appreciate a sweeping camera move
judiciously used to set off a dramatic vista but that device was done to death The action scenes are
such a blitz of brief incoherent cuts that they were hard to watch The lighting is frequently
peculiar for example everyone in Rivendell looked waxy and sallow Then there is the music I am
afraid the composer has watched Conan the Barbarian a few two many times Operatic choir music  bad
guys every time you see them Yuk Those are just the minor flaws in this piece of trashThe endless
action cliches and cheap devices left me groaning at such a hamhanded treatment of Tolkien From the
sacrifice of Sam Merry and Pippins characters for the sake of comedy to the crumbling staircase in
Moria to the silly wizard battle between Gandalf and Saruman complete with the dive off the tower
only to be caught by the eagle ploy All of this was invented by Peter Jackson as if the book does
not provide enough exciting events to draw upon It is a long book and clearly cuts had to be made
for a manageable movie But to expend precious minutes on protracted combats and repetitious detail
of Isengard while leaving out important story and character development is truly sad In fact Jackson
goes so far as to drag material belonging to The Two Towers the shortest of the three books into
this movie which is the longest of the three booksMany of these changes do nothing for the story
sometimes even weaken it In the books Saruman is in it for himself believing himself to be the one
person who could stand up to Sauron if only he had the ring His view of things has been warped by
Saurons subtle control of what he sees through the Palantir This is much more interesting than
Saruman as the avowed lackey of Sauron The former case makes sense of the treatment Saruman gets at
the end of The Two Towers while the later does notThe combat and action should have been brief
intense and significant In the book none of the combat with Boromir defending Merry and Pippin is
seen just the tragic result The battle in Balins tomb takes up 1 page out of 400 It is short fierce
and to the point The incident of Frodo turning out to be okay after being speared is actually rather
funny in the book In the movie this is blown so far out of proportion I thought I would gag It is
turned into the worst of manipulative character is killed oh no they are okay scenes And for those
long minutes and many others like them they sacrificed the Barrow Downs Frodos Cow Jumped Over the
Moon table dance The hobbits actually getting to know and trust Strider on the way to RivendellThe
worst part is the butchery of the characters Legolas loses his lighthearted singing nature Gimli is
a caricature from a bad DD game replete with Irish brogue Absent was their caustic interaction and
the development of their friendship one of the hallmarks of the books Hobbits go from the stealthy
nimble people of the books to bumbling comic relief In the book Sam is clever loves all things elven
knows old ballads In the movie he is just dumb and loyal In the movie Merry and Pippin are turned
into witless juvenile troublemakers sucked into the quest willy nilly instead of dedicated friends
conspiring with Sam to go on the quest to support Frodo And Frodos own strongest moment when he
defies the Nazgul at the river is taken away leaving him just a helpless victim dragged along And
finally back to that ending battle where is Aragorns poignant agony watching the Fellowship fall
apart under his leadership And his tortured choice over which way to go He doesnt have to make it
because the movie adds a scene between Frodo and him settling the matterThen there are the bad guys
We can start with Sauron in the beginning He looks like some sort of battle droid transformer
monster What is that He is a wizard and in the history of Middle Earth is most famous for his guile
and lies not being a walking tank The orcs of course they are supposed to be scary and nasty But
they are in fact a people It is clear throughout the books that they are more than beasts Much of
the beginning of The Two Towers hinges on their own politics and personalities as do the events in
Cirith Ungol in The Return of the King But what we see in the movie are almostzombies who hiss and
growl and grunt a word or two The biggest problem with all of the evil portrayed in the film is the
complete lack of subtlety or mystery Its all shown in full special effects glory rather than hinted
at as in the books Have I been frightened at movies Plenty of times Was I ever frightened during
this one NeverIn fact that is the big flaw in all of this Peter Jackson has no sense of subtlety
Everything is explicit and obvious and the viewer is clubbed over the head with it The movie is
informed less by the books than by the stereotyperidden gaming genre that came out of it If the
movie I saw was in turn novelized the result would be just one more derivative hack and slash novel
that would be forgotten a couple of years after publicationI am assuredly in the minority when I
state Jacksons Lord of the Rings Trilogy is some of the worst film making I have ever seen It would
appear that he and his production team read the books sort of maybe 30 years ago bought the Cliff
notes and from that wrote the screenplay To illustrate my POV I recommend listening to the
superlative 13 hour radio adaptation produced by the BBC recorded I believe in 1981Jackson and crew
erred when they depended too much on computer fx and spent too much time on the spectacle of combat
and war I often thought I was watching a slasher movie What makes the original Trilogy compelling
are the relationships and the subtext characters carry with them from beginning to end To be sure
there are mythic battles both large and small But they come out of very carefully crafted
relationships and a deep well of subtextI dont quarrel with the New Zealand locations I do quarrel
with the dumpy looking sets that were haphazardly glossed over with computer grafx fixes I dont
quarrel with the casting except Frodo and yet I found the direction so superficial and often
perplexing if not simply muddled Galadriel as an English VampA clue to my dissatisfaction can be
found in the omission of Tom Bombadil the only character in the original not affected by the Ring
His eccentric wisdom and unexplained powers ground the plot because there is something someone who
is outside the Dark Lords power There is in the Tolkien universe a power unimaginable which Sauron
cannot touch And that is essential to the fabric which holds Middle Earth together Which Tolkien in
his craft and his wisdom knew he had to give expression to And Jackson in his foolhardiness
ignoredWhy didnt Jacksons team follow the books with more trust The master had already worked it out
perfectly Well almost The Trilogy wasnt long enough which Tolkien realized after its completion
Nevertheless the project would have been immensely improved had Jackson and his team laid out a six
episode franchise to match the six books of the Trilogy taken more time to film it in their
excellent locations of choice and above all truly paid homage to its original creator by following
his work faithfullyThese films are a mishmash which titillated the masses for a brief time And that
is tragic because it will be long long before someone will be able to do them justiceLets get one
thing straight Im going to be controversial daring notorious Im not going to say that this movie was
good Shock HorrorI was looking over the top 250 movies on imdb and there was Lord Of The Rings The
Fellowship Of The Ring sitting in fourth place FOURTH place How can this movie be the fourth
greatest movie to EVER be created How Especially when you find masterpieces such as Schindlers List
American Beauty and Das Boot propping up the pile Its not a surprise theres no doubt in my mind that
the next two films will also grace the top ten all three of them gleaming in a line But why Am I the
only person in the entire world who DOESNT think this is one of the greatest films of all time best
ever sensationalIts amazing  but when I was asked What did you think of Lord of the Rings and I had
the plain audacity to reply with Its alright I spose  average I was greeted with an array of shocked
faces Its like the film no one can criticise And if you do youre clearly insane and deserve to be
locked upAs for what I made of the film itself it started off well  characters developing nicely
interesting storyline It was once Frodo set off with the ring that things went downhill This
probably originates from the book but why was everything hidden in the mountains of doom in the land
of evil behind the trees of terror Did everything really have to be that overthetop Even down to the
whole black  bad white goodIve not read the book I also never ever intend to  Im ignorant clueless
no chance of ever getting it BUT when I came out of the cinema I couldnt even tell you the names of
half the characters let alone anything about their personalities You form a fellowship and youd
expect one or two alliancesdisagreements to occur Barely anything In fact I was surprised any of
them even cared when Gandalf fell over the edge There was just no depth It was all action action
action  and no relationships or much development of characters Even in The Terminator you at least
knew one or two things about the main characters What makes a great masterpiece of a film is having
action drama strong characters etc As far as I can tell the only plus side of this film is the
special effectsA few other points to addFirstly halfway through the film when they arrived at the Elvin village it
almost felt like the film was over There was all the closure of were safe now and not even any
crosscutting back to the black riders When the fellowship finally set off a good hour and a half
into the film it felt like another film was startingGollum  the most unscary thing Ever Oh and the
scene where the fellowship were hiding and one of the hobbits knocked something over  was that meant
to be quite so funnyAragorn and Boromir look nearidentical This is most confusing3 hours is just too
long Unless the film is worth it And this one isnt I dread to think what sitting through the
directors cut must be likeIf anyone out there agrees with me track down the spoof version of this by French and Saunders That
is sheer brillianceAnyway Im off to live in a cave until 2010 when the Lord of the Rings hype
shouldve died down sufficiently Unless its anything like Star Wars In which case Ill see you 30
yearsI cant help but wonder I wonder if this film wouldve been successful if not for the huge amount
of propaganda and anticipation which just wasnt deservedBut then again if this film hadnt been so
successful would I have been so criticalIt was probably worth a 7 out of 10 However it painted
itself as an offthescale 10 So Ill give it a 1 instead HaLongest torture ever possible I have hated
many movies before but this one i have to use superlatives because it was long as well as bad I have
read Tolkiens The Hobbit and i will accept that i am not big fan of such fantasy concepts yet i
liked the way he wrote the book and after hearing such big things about this movie was really eager
to see it But what a royal wastage of time What could have been a real good movie has been treated
so slow so insanely that i cant believe people actually went to theaters to watch the second movie I
mean isnt it like first movie is what makes the sequels work here the first movie is so bad that i
cant figure out how did the others work And how can someone kill the army of dark forces by just
hitting stones at them How can someone have so many arrows without ending them up What was the scene
where the Hobbit drops some stuff into the well supposed to convey So many questions unanswered Its
not only these points that make me feel bad for the movie there are numerous others its just that
these are the only ones i can remember now Never knew it would be so bad Sorry if i am hurting many
people but really i am still trying to figure out how could people like it and rate it so high No
way Jose from my sideFirst of all most people who praise this film did NOT read the books The books
are amazing but cannot work as film Maybe that is why no one has undertaken this epic until now What
I cant understand was how people can praise all the different aspects of it The costuming and sets
were the only thing decent My complaints Too many liberties were taken with the book Now Im not
referring to the plot elements which were more or less intact except for Tom Bombadil If you dont
know who that is read the book but the style that Tolkien worked so hard to preserve in all of his
books The first item that was ruined in the first 5 minutes was the mystery of Sauron Sauron is such
an amazing character because you never get more than very small glimses of him Tolkien keeps this
throughout all the books Jackson ruined that in 5 minutes Next the action always follows the hobbits
This put you in the place of the hobbits What characters would be better for an audience to identify
with They were as much outsiders to this strange world as we are Unfortunately Jackson ruined that
alsoThe directing was nothing spectacular It was unobtrusive but there was no style really so it did
not add any more depth to the movie The acting was pretty good but it could not save the movie from
the unforgivable sins that the movie committed to the bookThe special effects though praised were
not good at all Youd think since they have to do 3 films with hobbits that they would come up with a
good way to do them and stick to it Not the case The hobbits change size drastically throughout the
film depending on the technique that is being used to reduce them Sometimes they are children but
the worst is when they just put them further from the camera How is that supposed to work Although
we do not have depth perception in the theater the audience can still tell when the size difference
is only created by the perspective The CG effects were not outstanding but after seeing Star Wars
Episode 1 it was nice to know costumes can still be used wellNow if I had not read the book would I
have a better view of this film You bet but too many things from the book were ruined to make it
more of a conventional movie Even still I definitely would not think it is worthy of being ranked so
high on IMDBcomOk so forget all the hype and think about it for a second  3 hours in which nothing
much happens except a bit of walking and then a bit of fighting does not a good film make There may
be those who are fans of the book and I dont doubt that to them this is a great film But to anyone
else who have never ventured into the world of Tolkien then it is a huge let down  There seems to be
too much reliance on knowledge from the book as none of the characters seem to have any back story
and we havent got a clue to why they are prepared to take on the questThe action scenes are few and
far between and when they do come they seem a bit lacklustre The acting is nothing special and there
are some scenes The council meeting where the effects people must have taken the day off Which
leaves the walking theres a lot of it In fact theyre some of the best bits as New Zealand looks very
nice However thats all that gets done and after a while I was convinced that the film was going to
show and advert for Millets or the Rambling association at the end Painfully dull though if
rambling or fantasy is not your thingThis comment contains spoilers in that it directs you join me
in seeing through the thin veil of Hollywood and directs you inward to know what you really need and
want instead of just explosions and effectsSeriously this could have been one of the best movies
ever made  Thats right Im saying it is not  Even the casual movie fan movie fan not one of the
mindless herd has to admit that heshe can sense the fear in the producers hearts behind every scene
in this movie  They took a great risk in making an expensive trilogy like this and they did not want
to get the short end of the stick  The result is a compromise  a combination of good effects and
good acting counterpointed with unnecessary cheezeball action and well bad acting  The result is a
bizarre movie with brilliant scenes followed by terrible scenesEveryone knows the plot summary so I
will skip itEvery cool scene of dialogue every touching moment between old friends and every time we
felt the pull of evil we were quickly before any of the sheep dozed off bombarded with a scene of
the gang struggling along on their trek fighting creatures and getting blown upApparently according
to my friends I was the only person who noticed the tragedy in the cave troll  After slowly being
disappointed for several hours I was quite pleased to see the action take an interesting turn like
this  When the cave troll was led into the room and had a collar on with a leash a chain  Right away
I assumed he was a trained beast made ferocious by being beaten and tortured over time by his master
much like some people do with pit bull dogs etc  When the troll was fatally shot through the mouth
by the arrow he had on his face a moment of unexpected for me realization of the wrongness of his
actions  Perhaps this was brought on by his own severe pain and sense that his life would be over in
a few moments  When I was ridiculed for this by my friends I said perhaps I was just trying to read
something interesting into this unnecessary actionElijah Wood  I had trouble at first putting a description to his particular form of bad acting  I
came up with the phrase blank acting because he always has that one blank look on his face  You know
the one and the example that comes to mind is the look on his face in the scene where the ring
accidentally falls through the air and lands directly over his finger  A friend of mine found a
review that had a better description than mine  What he does is not acting it is facemaking and
anyone can do itIs this a good movie  As much as Gladiator was a good movie so is this one  I know
the mass herd of movie goers return over and over again to see John Woo and Ridley Scott and whoever
else who claim to have a new movie where they just blow stuff up in the same old predictable way and
the people that made this movie know it too  In order to preserve their bank accounts they put the
explosions in for the sheep to wow over  My plea for the future is this If you are going to take a
risk take it and dont compromise  Make a great film  Dont let Hollywood or anyone shape all of your
craft into one boring blob  If you cant do that then you are not a real movie makerEndgame is a much
less interesting and visually engaging movie than Infinity War I dont understand all the crazy hype
and 88 on imdb is stupid this is why Im giving it one star to mitigate the stupidityAs everyone
expected remaining avengers use time travel to try to fix things yet even for a marvel movie the
time travel science is confusing and ridiculous as well as shown in a very boring way Ive seen low
budget movies that had better grasp on the scientific logical and visual aspect of time travelThe
whole point of endgame is to resurrect the fallen avengers and other trillions of creatures across
the galaxy yet while doing it avengers end up losing irrevocably even more important members of the
team and the whole thing looks illconceivedA lot of time is spent on meaningless conversations while
the devastation Thanos caused across the galaxy is barely shown negating the past and current
sacrifices of avengersI left Infinity War wanting to see how the story endsI left Endgame feeling that I shouldve waited for it to come out on NetflixThis movie was a
jokeaverage superhero movie where the heroes win and everyones happy hounestly zero dialogue this
whole thing is just liked because marvel is ending this movie made people cryreallythe only thing
that made me cry was my money I spent on seeing this garbage thor was ruined along with hulk thanks
was dumber downand capitain marvels horrible scenes were pain full to sit throughhounestly Im glad
people are coming to their senses and rating this movie lower now that they rewatch it its full of
plot holes and the time travel is embarrassing lazy writing thats a disgrace to real time travel
moviesbesides the hype this movie had nothing it was 100 hypebased in fact I dont think anyone
acctually paid attention to the movie the ending was extremely predictable and the final battle was
bland with the only background colors being brown and destroyed ships so disapointing after the
amazing movie that showed that superhero movies can be more then saving the day and the bad guys
losingInfinity War is so much better This movie felt so forced too many eye rolling gags and a
confusing plot The way Thor and Hulk were handled is criminalSpectacle and nothing elseas fans said here its meant to be for them but even they dont like ittotally undermines the excellent previous movies for too much fanservice and useless plot threads
that go nowheresadly ive seen this movie twice and regretted it both timessuch a slack way to wrap up what was mostly a goodexcellent run of moviesIm not going to bother
watching any more of these Marvel movies Each one seems worse than the last and theres way too much
CGI Its not like most of them are more than a 510 anyway and thats being generous I cant wait until
one of them bombs at the box office so that we can stop getting constant special effects demo tapes
and watch some real movies Death to cgiI cant understand why ppl like this overachting superhero
garbage time after time It is no cinema at all Almost every storyline is the same Marvel milking
movies these daysPlot holes everywhere cheesy linesbasically the average superhero movie and no one
sees how bad it is because theyre blinded by hype endgame was a mediocre poorly thought out rushed
movie that feels more like a cashgrabIt was a garbage with lots of plothole Waste of time and waste
of electricityIt was straight up a huge disappointment and a really bad ending to a great sagaIt
missed some feather for thor Maybe a cooking scene with HulkWould like to see a shower scene but just for the bubbles not for the actorsNo really was it a jokeDidnt get the buzz for this crap Not so innocent as it seemed in its poor hidden messages
anticipating the future makeover of the Marvel universe and its fallSign me outRemember Mortal Kombat Battletoads Overwatch Gundam FireFly TMNT Night rider Back to The
Future King Kong Iron Giant Mecha Godzilla Atari Nintendo Goons ET Shining Batman Halo Gears of War
Monty Python Michael Jackson Street Fighter Vikings Liches Lara Croft Golden Eye Aliens Madballs
Childs Play Etch A Sketch ViewMaster Beastmaster Space Invaders Ping Pong Ateam Batman 60s Ryu
Monster trucks Marvel comics Goro Harley Quinn Akira Saturday Night Fever Say Anything Hello Kitty
Star Trek Star Wars Freddy Krueger Duke Nukem Terminator Final Fantasy Robocop Battle Star Galactica
Rubics cube Hal 9000 Card collecting games and Star Craft WE SURE DO Well watch us to list
everything over 2 hours Youll love itI just had my intelligence insulted for a blistering 2 hours
and 20 minutes I dont know who this movie is for but its not for fans of the book Its a beautiful
movie that ruins itself with horrible pacing and nonexistent character developmentMy favorite part
is at the end when they casually collapse the world economy two times a week because Spielbergs kids
need a life lesson on putting their cell phones downI know Every movie does not tell the full story
of a bookBut when I watched the trailers I already saw that the movie was far faaaaar away from the bookNow I watched the movie and my worst fears became realityWhat is left over from the bookThe titleNames of the characters except for ShotoThat it is about an Easter egg hunt in the OASISMore or less the concept of the OASISThe colors of the keys and gates incl the points you get for the gatesThat Aech is driving a truckWade has his rig but not the one from the movie in a scrapyard truckIOI is evilEveryone else is goodWhat was left outAbout everything what you liked from the book like Wargames Dungeons and Dragons Rush Joust in fact
every arcade game Pac Man What is different from the bookEverythingThis movie is created for an audience younger than 20 years who has no idea about the 80s
or would understand any references from that timeTo be clear the whole OASIS is not only 80s but the Easter egg hunt isAlso the deaths that happen in the book were removed to have the young audience not to be confronted
with the harsh methods from IOIAll characters are and behave totally differentlyAech is in the book a badass who knows his stuff not that whiney character in the movieWade is a kid who has no money IRL and in the OASIS so no DeLorean from the startHe starts the hunt with a level 1 sword shield and leather body armorArt3mis is a chubby girl would have been great to see that in the movie So why is Spielberg putting
his money on a skinny girl Great move to give the one chance away to put some selfesteem in
nonperfect peopleIR0k is a stupid looser in the book not that super strong headhunterReally IOI employees applaud when Wade opens the final gateThe 80s references used in the movie have
nothing in common with the ones from the bookBut not always the obvious 80s references are the best ones there are many hidden treasures in the
bookMr Spielberg learn something from Marvel they used Lake Shore Drive in the soundtrack think about itA great movie might have really started an 80s nostalgia boost But you killed it What was stolen
from other moviesThe OASIS simulation inside the OASIS simulation from InceptionThe place around the castle with the lava and high voltage bursts from Star Wars IIIRig suits strongly inspired by Tron LegacyIR0k made like a very cheap BobaFettheadhuntercopy again Star WarsIron Giant raising the thumb while melting in the lava from Terminator II  Judgement day when was
that right 1991In conclusionMr Spielberg you are old enough you have enough money Please retire You lost it long agoMaybe you can write a childrens book and watch it getting ripped to pieces by some amateur director
who makes a movie from your book For the viewersIf you loved the book Stay far away from that movie Never ever watch itYou will only scream in frustration like I didIf you have not read the book and you have 25 hrs and the money to spare you can watch it Maybe you
will enjoy itBut as many others wrote it is a straight forward plot cheesy scenes mediocre story lame jokes I
dont know how they kept Ernest Cline quiet It must have either involved a lot of money or
threatening him to sue How else would you silently watch how your hard work gets so destroyedThis is
up there with Crystal Skull and Lost World as one of Spielbergs biggest turds So so bad For starters
this is nothing like the book The book is all about the details and this adaptation totally misses
those The dialogue was by the numbers Lots of exposition and at times flat out cheesy Lots of tell
very little show Little to no character development Wade has zero arc in the movie Hes just kind of
there Nothing made me really care for him I found myself bored many times and the only times I
laughed where when I couldnt believe how comically bad this was Massive disappointmentSuper boring
and predictable the movie is parasitizing on gamers nostalgia and thats itWhy make a movie based on
a book and change literally every aspect of the book I know movies arent going to be exactly like
the books but this is ridiculousAll over the place Terrible character development even worse
dialogue The cgi is awful For being an immersive digital world supposedly thirty years or so from
now the oasis looks cheap and a lot like something animated by Pixar in the early 2000s Predictable
and boring 40 minutes too long Thought about leaving a half hour in afterwards I was mad I didnt I
just kept thinking it would get better It Did NotThis is the most pandering movie Ive ever seen
Nostalgia doesnt make up for an awful and predictable plot Terrible acting and Hamfisted
referencesJust walked out of the cinema as I got incredibly frustrated with the movie The acting was
terrible the story line was completely butchered and the visual effects were rather unimaginative
Whilst I knew from the beginning that it was not a word for word remake of the brilliant book that
is Ready Player One but to butcher the plot this badly is just criminal The creators of this movie
managed to take a fascinating world and box it into a small maggot infested tin of sardines What a
pile of Hollywood rubbishIf youre looking for anything fun from the book its probably gone Your
favorite scene or part of the story line regarding the hunt for the keys and search for clues is
GONE Everything is GONE Forget RUSH Joust ZORK Lich King Blade Runner ALL GONE A very sad screenplay
for such a wonderful bookWhen the announcement came for a new Transformers movie for Summer I was
pretty excited I wasnt a major Transformers fan but I had fond memories of the cartoon and toys
However I hated the redesigned Transformers thinking that these new designs were an overly busy
cross between Legos Bionicle toys and expressionist modern art sculptures I also heard the script
was poor so I decided to skip this oneHowever I started hearing movie reviews about what an amazing
film this was The greatest film of all time people proclaimed So I came to terms with and accepted
that these werent the robots I grew up with this was a new version and Id at least find interest in
robots transforming into cars and beating each other up Id even go see this even though I dont like
Michael Bay filmsHow was it Transformers is a disgustingly bloated and selfindulgent piece of crap I
understand that Ill get rated down for my review but Im prepared to accept that Sadly my theater
must not have gotten the euphoria inducing gas that apparently other theaters got causing me to gush
over this film like other peopleEven the 1986 Transformers film wasnt perfect It was basically one
fight scene after another and was a means to replace the old toys for a new line but the action was
good showed the consequences of war and featured the death of a beloved character It kept true to
the mythos even though it was different This movie makes reference to so many other films that it
feels like a mishmash of 30 films youve seen beforeBumblebee sends up an Autobat Symbol to summon
the other Autobots like Batman Theres a scene in an underground bunker which felt totally pulled
from Terminator 3 and a few scenes later uses the exact drumbeat from the Terminator Theme The fight
scenes with their out of focus cameras and shaky cam style seems like they are trying to treat the
battles as if they were Saving Private Ryan caliber When Bumblebee gets captured during a scene the
music swells up so mournfully and overdramatically that it makes the tragedies found in Schindlers
List seem modestThe biggest problem in character design lies in the fact that they all really do
look alike The worst offender was the Decepticon Frenzy which looked like a 3D rendered pencil
scribble and acted like the Zuni Fetish Doll from Trilogy of Terror During the final battle I was
having problems telling who was who and when the robots collided it was hard to see where one began
and the other ended The car forms were presented as blatant product showcases ripped straight from a
commercial Then again there was so much product placement in the film eBay must have made a
fortuneThe slow setup to the action or even any real glimpses of the title characters felt like The
Hulk I pay for a movie about transforming robots thats what I want to seeWhy would they keep a
deadly robot under Hoover Dam a major water source and tourist attraction Why would they bring this
AllSpark out of the desert and into a heavilypopulated city where property damage and civilian
casualties could run their full course The dialogue was painful sounded like it was written for
teenagers by teenagers in a really bad fanfic like what they thought people would say What really
irked me is how the Autobots couldnt seem to kill a Decepticon but a lone soldier skidding on his
back could dispatch one with a single shot Why were the Autobots even there if the humans could do
it better How is it that they can save Bumblebee but they cant repair Jazz What was the difference
The governmentmilitaryrobotanyone dialogue was totally unrealistic with officials willing to bet
their ridiculously high government paychecks on hunches Every line smacked on bad puns clichés or
just sounded stupid There was an extended conversation about masturbation between Sam and his
parents that felt really awkward and extended far too longThe personalities were also way
underdeveloped Transformers has over two decades of history that wasnt touched upon The Starscream
and Megatron rivalry where Starscream tried to usurp Megatron for leadership was not mentioned or
covered at all Jazz was cool and funloving with a sense of style while in the film he sounds like a
ghetto thug His first line is profanity and I felt insulted Not because of the language but the fact
that this was apparently the best the writers could do Decepticons were introduced and blown away
within minutes The Autobots werent much better Did the people who wrote the story know anything
about the subject material besides the fact that robots changed to vehicles And then Optimus Prime
Obviously Bays madness knew better than to totally ruin this character as he was the only robot who
looked even remotely familiar to any previous version And the personality was fairly accurate up to
the backyard scene where Primes personality suddenly shifts breaks character and he becomes a clumsy
comedian The next scene he shifts back into a leader personalityThe saving grace outside of Prime
was Sam Witwicky played by Shia LaBeouf who brought a credible gee whiz performance to the film and
yet I felt sorry for him using such hamfisted dialogueSummer 2007 has been really mediocre for
blockbuster films as were apparently supposed to lower our standards sit back not think and enjoy
with these types of films but how is one supposed to do that with with film devoid of heart
personality or no focus on the main characters As a standalone film this is a really bad movie As a
Transformerslicensed film its a God awful embarrassment Im avoiding the sequels unless they
drastically overhaul the franchise and get a script not limited to highschool level online
fanficThis deafeningly loud obnoxious usually stagnant and glorified epic disaster of a film was
presented with too many opportunities to be one of the alltime greatest summer flicks ever However
despite the advancements in todays special effects it being inspired from the highly popular 1980s
Hasbro toys and cartoon with Steven Spielberg overseeing the production as an Executive producer
Michael Bay and his writers were still guilty of making this a steaming pile I can effortlessly
breakdown at every level why this film didnt work for meThe story was about a teenager name Sam Shia
LaBeouf who purchases a car that happens to be a robot in disguise from another world Sam is then
caught in the middle of an ancient battle between two groups of these alien robots the heroic
Autobots and the Evil Decepticons Both are seeking a mysterious cube known as the Allspark that
contains their life source This central plot intertwines with the story of a special ops team being
attacked by one of the Decepticons in the beginning the pentagon enlisting teams of computer hackers
to decode a signal they detected that ultimately came from the Decepticons and a hokey love story
between Sam and Mikaela the gorgeous bombshell in his classAs intriguing as all of this may sound
besides the many battle scenes car chases attempts on Sams life and Decepticon attacks nothing
happens to move the story along Whatever layers of stories that were suppose to be happening beneath
the unimpressive action sequences were uneventful and slow So all youre left with is the action
which by the end was boring and tedious to watchThe characters were flat and moronic The humans were
onenote soulless caricatures They were also more than capable of damaging the robots which took away
from the extraordinary antagonism the original cartoon presented for our human heroes The humans
were helpless against the Decepticons and this made the Autobots necessary In this absurd film the
humans didnt really need the Autobots to take out the DecepticonsAnd whatever happened to characters
like Jorge Fig Figueroa and Maggie They sort or left this film halfway to the end to join the film
playing in the theater next doorAlso part of the cartoons success was the personalities of the
Transformers They were emotional beings that were capable of treacherous loyal courageous cowardice
morose and optimistic behavior They werent just giant piles of junk destroying an American
metropolis Whatever happened to the ongoing struggle for power over the Decepticons between
Starscream and Megatron This wouldve added some real complexity to this paperthin story Instead Bay
and the writers settled for hinting at it with a laughable oneliner from Megatron that rang falser
than the action Wasnt Bumblebee the kindest frailest of them all He was essential for his undying
compassion for the humans in the cartoons Not in this film where he obviously fought in many battles
and when annoyed can urinate on a human being at any given time Now going from the true character to
the characterizations of the robots the looks of the original were more engaging and attractive to
the eye In this film they looked like metal scraps of junkThen the films auteur had to take it there
by making Jazz the Transformer with the BlackAmerican soul screaming What up bes Ironically he was
the only Autobot that easily gets killed as well Now a lesser minded person would pull the race card
for this I would just blame it on lazy unimaginative sloppy hack writing and directing In the end I
couldnt care less about any of the characters human or TransformerThe original Transformers could be
chastised for wooden dialogue However when the characters werent trying to be funny in this film the
dialogue was ten times worse than that of the cheesy words spoken in the cartoon It was absolutely
ridiculous with zero subtext The quality of the dialogue was lessoned in scenes where exposition was
inappropriately forced in like the ineptly written scene when Agent Simmons John Turturro was
questioning Sam and Mikael in the backseat of the SUV revealing Mikaelas weak back story And how
many times did Optimus Prime have to tell us his name At one point I thought he was forgetting the
many times he said his name previously Besides the whole introducingyourselfthing from the
Transformers especially the Decepticons was extra cheddar cheesy to me I am Megatron Yeah and The
monologues underscored by the sappy music couldve gotten the collective heavehove from this film as
wellThe special effects were cool but couldve been better Most of the time the Transformers looked
animated instead of real in my opinion And the confusing unorthodox way they transformed not to
mention detailing that made them look like piles of scrap metal revealed most of the flaws in the
cartoon like computer generated images As a director I wouldnt be satisfied with the end resultThe
most entertaining thing about sitting through a screening of this film was the hordes of people that
were going ballistic over it They laughed at anything and applauded for everything From Bumblebee
shattering all the glass in and around the car dealership to the Autobots skidding in unison on a
UTurn these people thought every little thing deserved a standing ovation Okay maybe they were not
standing But it was all so laughable to meIn my opinion Bay Spielberg and the writers massacred what
couldve been one of the greatest scifi films ever made The only thing amazing about this experience
was my girl sleeping through most of it with me nodding off right along side her Bay has proved
himself to be one of the worst overpaid film directors in the history of HollywoodThis comment was
deleted by IMDb based on an abuse report filed by another user so Im guessing it was pretty abusive
maybe it spoiled some aspect of the plot if you can call it that for some poor soulI think it was
about four or five words into the opening narration when we burst into laughter Before time began
Ouch When a film cant go 5 seconds without a cliché it doesnt deserve to be watched at least not
with a straight faceMichael Bays Transformers is hilariously awful a subEd Wood affair all the way
through a camp classic in the making If Bay is the new Edward D Wood Jr then Transformers may be the
new Plan 9 from Outer Space Let me count the ways 1 Incoherent narration incoherent plot Check2
Laughably bad dialogue Check3 Pompous aliens with inexplicable plan to conquer Earth Check4 Day
turns to night in an instant Check5 Copious use of military stock footage Check6 Epic numbers of
continuity errors Check7 Dramatic confrontations solved via fistfights Check8 Dramatic scenes that
fly straight out of left field Check Im so glad I got in the car with you 9 Formerly respectable
older star sinks to a new low Check Poor poor Jon Voight 10 Incredible overacting that is obviously
encouraged by the director Check11Character who cannot speak for no apparent reason Check12 Rampant
stereotyping not just the racial ones but stuff like cops acting dumb doing a lot of shouting and
eating doughnuts and military officials being all secretive one minute and spilling said secrets the
next Check13 Characters with a lot of face time who end up playing no important role in the story
Check What useful purpose did Duhamel and the troops in Qatar serve after the first ten minutes 14
Heavy handed socialpolitical commentaryreferences Check eBay eBay eBayimagine how much trouble could
have been avoided if theyd just BOUGHT THE DAMN GLASSES OFF OF EBAY 15 A flying saucer catches on
fire then crashes Check16 Sudden flashes of light appear from nowhere and knock characters over
Check17 The action in some shots is hopelessly muddled Check18 A characters hilarious death scene is
matched only by his hilarious eulogy Check19 The action halts suddenly so that someone can explain
the backstory Check20 Random bursts of laughter fill theater during screening Check21 Gaps in
dialogue perfect for Mystery Science Theater 3000esque commentary Check22 Inevitable cult following
CheckOnly these three things are missing keeping it from true Ed Wood greatness 1 No giant octopus
Though Scorponok comes pretty close2 No transvestites It has the prefix trans in the title though3
No ludicrously campy speech made by the main villain Just  I AM MEGATRON which is plenty campy but
not much of a speech Maybe thesell be in the directors cutExcept of course Ed Woods movies had heart
even at their worst they feel like more than exercises in featurelength product placement Bay doesnt
have anything even remotely resembling a heart in his chest  thats why hes not even in Woods league
as a bad director no matter how many laughs his terrible films get And at least Woods films didnt
cost 150 million to makeIm a Transformers fan from way back Ive got an Optimus Prime and a Megatron
atop one of my bookshelves I have ancient videotapes of the fondly remembered cartoon series and a
copy of the 20th anniversary movie DVD I had worried that this film would damage my childhood
memories beyond repair like Star Wars Episode I did But the film is just TOO bad and TOO stupid to
have any real effect on me The old animated movie bad as it is mops the floor with this one If
anything it is a more mature and entertaining work The music in the old movie is terrible but it
fits The music here is just terribleThere are good points but none anywhere near enough John
Turturro is the only actor who escapes this mess unscathed  his great overthetop performance
suggests that he actually understands how Zgrade the script he was given was Hes a lot of fun to
watch even as hes quickly reduced to a nonentity by the plot mechanics Turturro is a great actor and
this part only serves to elevate his status in my eyes I hope he got a serious paycheckI cant stand
CGI as a rule but the special effects here are moderately convincing at least in those rare moments
when the camera isnt performing idiotic cartwheels to obscure them I honestly like the models for
the new TFs the Autobots anyway  I can barely tell the Decepticons apart but the fact that they have
little personality isnt so endearingMaybe the sequel will be up to the lofty standards of Ed Woods
Night of the Ghouls But I doubt itI honestly dont know where to start with this movie I will say
however that  like many other people  this is the film Ive been waiting 20 years to seeI suppose its
sensible to start with what should be the foundation stone of any cinematic experience  the script
Its cheesy clichéridden and poorlystructured Characterisation especially of the AutobotsDecepticons
is nonexistent Optimus Prime uttering the words My bad must go down in history as one of the worst
moments in movie history Actually scratch that  the lubricating scene is definitely worse The
writing of human characters is lazy at best sticking with stereotypes such as the beautiful
codebreaker fat computer whizz bumbling government agent etc etc The performances Shia aside are
instantly forgettable but a great deal of that comes down to the script and direction Megan Fox may
be a great actress for all I know but she may as well be a stripper for the purposes of this
movieThe effects are incredible although not helped by Bays erratic editing style but when youve no
reason to care about them it results in an empty experience Effects DONT MAKE A MOVIEWith Spielberg
as part of this project I allowed myself a little optimism but its patently clear that Bay and Co
had no understanding or respect for the Transformers franchise GIANT FLIPPING ROBOTS BLOWING STUFF
UP this may be but it is most certainly not TransformersThis was one crappy movie and a pain to
watch Just hearing Optimus Prime utter Oops my bad made me want to bolt for the door Anyway here is
just a brief summary of all the good and bad this movie has to offerThe GoodThe transformations Im
surprised at how well they made the transformations work Optimus Prime Bumblebee and Megatron dont
look half as bad as I thought they would Its nice to see the parts warp and change instead of
watching these big blocky characters that were in the cartoonThe BadOn my where do I startThe jokes
were awful For some reason they decided to make this movie as a crossover between American Pie and
Transformers Bumblee lubricating the man and Sam masturbating just wasnt funny The only people who
were laughing in the audience were little kidsThe humans stole the show I thought Transformers was
supposed to be about the Transformers themselves who each had unique personalities with a little
human action thrown in the background Instead the tables are reversed where we are FORCED to spend
lengthy amounts of time with characters the audience truly doesnt give a rats ass about Who cares
about Sam Whitwickey Or that smart programming chick Or that fat donut eater Who honestly gives This
is a Transformers movie folks not a love story with some dumb robots thrown in for kicks Oh and Sam
himself was super duper irritating and annoyingThe choreography was terrible Some fight scenes were
cool enough but the shaky camera movements and extreme closeups made it difficult to tell what was
going on The fight between Megatron and Optimus proved to be extremely disappointing as we are only
given a few shots of Optimus punching and tripping Megatron while the army tries to destroy Blackout
They completely destroyed the Transformers back story Those even remotely interested in the
Transformers will know that they came from Cybertron and that their ship crashed on Earth only to be
revived centuries later But here Cybertron is destroyed to pieces with no chance of it ever being
revived Well I guess the Transformers are screwed folks  but they already were when Michael Bay
decided to directIn short if you were expecting to see a movie about the Transformers you were sadly
mistaken Be prepared to spend hours focusing on Sam and his loser girlfriend instead Also why the
hell did it take an hour and a half for Optimus Prime to show up in the first place that to me is a
disgraceTripe Filth Mud Worthless Blunt Stupid These are six words that aptly describe the idea
behind Michael Bays latest smashfest TRANSFORMERS As one of those poor saps as I was called while
waiting in the theater who had never seen the TV show as a child I went into the movie expecting
nothing especially considering that Michael Bay is one of the least artistic most pandering
directors of the present But once the movie started it was all right Shia LeBeouf was charming as
was the quirky teenhumor that pervaded the first 45 minutes In fact the Transformers were pretty
badassUntil minute 46 when they began to talk Not only was their behavior evocative of stoners and
idiots they lumbered around his backyard and later in the movie peed on a federal agent There was
even one transformer I forget the name and I am all the better for it that talked like he was from
the projects The plotting was puerile and idiotic There was even a subplot where Shia LeBeoufs love
interest was discovered to have a criminal record but that subplot was handily absolved five minutes
later when Shia LeBeouf cuts a deal with the government SO STUPID AND POINTLESS Not to mention the
movie abounded with Michael Bays neverending car chases and slowmotion hoohah Very very bad
scripting like Im not leaving without Bumblebee and the leader of the good Transformers saying Oops
my bad made for a horrible experienceThe bulk of the movie was terrible The acting aside from
noticeably realistic screams from Shia and others was stilted and just perfect for the sort of film
that doesnt even hide that it relies wholly on specialeffects and the toy franchise itself the kind
of things that Michael Bay loves to beat over moviegoers heads like a blunt objectI saw the advance
screening a few days ago and in a nutshell two whole years of anticipation were stripped away by a
flash of severe disappointment within the first 45 mins of this film Im a hardcore G1 fan and cant
tell you how blasphemous this film is to those of us who who followed the original series from
Cybertronian history to character profiles and traitsThe script itself is utter garbage and
reminiscent of a Disney film with ultralame jokes and childish references The mere reference to
teenage masturbation in one scene is just completely uncalled for and unnecessary in this film Too
much focus was placed on the human characters than the Transformers themselves who are the stars of
the show Its sad that the original film in 86 was a lot darker than this slop that Dreamworks has
tastelessly thrown together and expected us to swallow Theres absolutely no character development
regarding either clan of robots The only thing keeping my attention was Peter Cullens voice as
Primethats the ONLY justice Dreamworks has afforded this film I understand they needed new body
styles to fit todays societynot a problembut they should still have the same basic look in robot
mode and the same voices Starscream was everyones favourite Decepticonhe looked awesome and his
trademark voice made the character Hes now absolutely hideous completely beyond recognition and his
voice is just as low and bland as the rest of the charactersWay too much comedy in this
filmTransformers dont tiptoe around peoples front lawns in the middle of the night trying not to be
seen by human parentsthats lame Transformers is an epic intergalactic war over ENERGON not this
allspark that Dreamworks fabricated Its a dark battle like Lord of the Rings but with Cybertronians
My last argument has to be the scoresoundtrack Talk about minimalistSteve Jablonsky did NOTHING for
this film Was Danny Elfman not available All my fellow fans out there need to know that the
Transformers theme song does NOT even appear in the film ANYWHERE by ANY means Not even a melodic
reference to it in the orchestral score which I find completely absurd The band Mute Math did the
theme for the soundtrack allegedly though it never actually plays in the film not even over the end
credits From start to finish this was absolute mockery of all traits that made the original series
and film so greatits nothing now Im forced to pretend this new film doesnt even exist because its
defiled the Transformer name so bada complete injustice to my expectations as a true fan If they
have the nerve to make sequels to this slop I refuse to watchSeriously why do we still see Michael
Bay movies We as a people need to unite against him And how in Gods name is this movie in the top
250 right now This movie is lucky that I just saw Spiderman 3 otherwise this would be the worst
movie of all time Michael Bay just does the same thing in every movie way too many helicopters
pilots running to their planes and the flare overhead to alert the planes why didnt he just use
stock footage of Nicholas Cage from The RockAnd John Turturro why You are a great actor why reduce
yourself to this trash Please tell me you got paid over 10 million for this Words cannot describe
how bad the script of this movie is I was dying laughing at Optimus Primes emotional Were we so
different speech And the scene at Sams house that goes on for about 16 hours with the American Pie
ripoff The Transformers are treated like little kids in that scene who say things like My bad and
Oops Are you kidding me These are The Transformers not the Ninja Turtles The thing I dont get is how
people liked this movie Shia wasnt bad and the girl was hot while doing her best Jennifer Connelly
in Blood Diamond impression but the rest of the characters were miserable Am I the only one who
thinks that Anthony Andersons line in Entourage You need any color in that movie is really the only
way he gets any acting jobs Needless to say I hated this movie and simply laughed at it with my
friends the whole time But I contributed to Michael Bay making more movies and for that I am
sorryWhat a huge let down Im a transformer fan that was hoping to see a cool SCIFI about the
Transformers but instead I got a dumb slap stick comedy that makes fun of them This movie has a
randomly generated plot that only matches the worst type of teen comedy I cant even say it was
better then Epic Movie There was even an American Pie rip off moment where the main human characters
parents think he locked the door to masturbate They even go to the levels as to have a transformer
pee on someone Thinking about this movie gives me a headache and based on the ratings and reviews so
far I am extremely concerned about where society is going as whole You will only like this movie if
you are a young teen that does not know any better or you are a babblingtypically obnoxious in
theatersidiot The only positive thing I can say is that the transformers where done in very good
detail which seems to only make me starve for the movie I had hoped to seeVery very very very sadI
loved the cartoon series as a kid and after seeing the commercials thought it would be freaking
awesome Instead I wound up stuck in a movie with a ridiculous plot too many irrelevant characters
and too much sex humor for a movie that is supposed to be about giant robots wailing on each other I
am in my twenties and male so I can hardly be considered a prude The fact that even I cringed at the
mother making masturbation jokes means that there is such a thing as a limit for that sort of humor
Most of the Transformers do not even show up until the movie is halfway over The subplot of the
signal detection team who did nothing except point out that some alien being had hacked the networka
nobrainer could be cut without losing anything of note except for the funny scene where Anthony
Andersons onscreen cousin gets tackled by the FBI agent into the pool And whats with Bumblebee
pissing on the FBI Agent and Mikaela making him take his clothes off The action scenes are stellar
but not enough to make up for all of the other mistakes in the movie If you copy and pasted scenes
from Independence Day Matrix Revolutions a bunch of US air force commercials and Bad Santa all
together on your computer you would wind up with basically the same messEvery human is so one
dimensional and implausible that I cant even begin to understand the nature of this film Where did
ecoterrorist Alan Jonah go to He took the Ghidorah skull from the last movie and then suddenly
someone else gets it Why is Dr Mark Russel even in this film He does literally nothing in three
different parts of the planet Why does Ilene Andrews call after Jia when she runs off Shes DEAF Why
is Maya Simmons in this movie Shes the disposable daughter of the mad genius who displays no talent
at all and dies off cameraLets ignore the sheer human deaths in the thousands in every major act Yet
in every film to date these awful parents allow their children to interact with titans Usually when
its raining Lets forget that children are able to walk inside not one not two but three highly
sophisticated and guarded locations without interference Plus they hitch a ride into some kind of
maglev container which is transporting eggs we never hear about again and has a display in MPH even
though its an Hong Kong craft The only thing this film does better than Godzilla King of the
monsters is theres fewer scenes with rain But theres still a ton of rain Why I dont knowWhy did they
need Kong to lead them into hollow earth They already had a reinforced cave leading to it Kong didnt
do anything except fall through a wormhole unscathed While the humans needed three antigravity
spaceships to travel there And of course the debunked defamed author Nathan Lind is somehow also a
pilot who once safely back home decides to stay airborne to watch the Titans battle it out instead
of getting far away like a sane person might do And this magical authorpilot found the single switch
on the control panel which turns it into an ape defibrillator And sure chain up a titan on a
transport boat but lets rig up a single lever to let him go Hey heres an idea lets upload the
essence of a dead hydra skull brain into a robots energy sourceLets talk about how every light
source in the facilities crafts and bases plus all the buildings are lit in neon trim like they
looted the set of TRONlegacy How come Apex needed this mysterious energy source from Hollow Earth
and when they take a small sample they only thing they needed was math to recreate it Did you know
all you need to interrupt a satellite uplink into an unguarded control room is a half flask of booze
poured on the cooling fan I didnt but the randomly Australian comic relief didTheres hardly a hint
of blood from either monster even though Godzilla rakes its claws deep into Kongs flesh multiple
times and both are dragged facefirst into glass and steel buildings Kong is also a master axeman who
uses the blade as a tool a key and a shieldI could go on and on about this film but I am exhausted
If only someone could fly a tiny spaceship into my chest and restart meA terrible movie from
beginning to end and this is why I dont go see movies in theaters anymore All computerized graphics
and thats about it It actually gave a headache Two thumbs downAbsolutely nothing about this makes
sense From the fact that the girl kind of had to start teaching sign language to Kong by the time
she was 1 week old to the hollow earth ridiculous theory of a guy that wrote a book nobody bought
but suddenly caught the eye of a Mexican gazillionaire with Mexican accent but an Amrican name that
took a couple of months to build the technology that must have taken at least 15 years to design
test and build Nothing makes any sense whatsoever Yes the special effects and sound might be good
but nothing else doesThere isnt anything good I can say about this movie The plot was bad the acting
was bad the directing was bad Wanna see kong watch the first oneI didnt like the movieLeaving aside
the special effects the plot is terribly bad farfetched and very difficult for children to
understandBring two parallel stories 1 the stories of humans seeking conspiracies and 2 the story of
kong and GodzillaIt is unnecessary the parts of the conspiracy seekers could well be cut and the movie would still
stand and even improve a lotWhy such a farfetched argumentBut my God what the hell is the Hollow
EarthIt is an abuse of science fiction to raise another Earth within the earth with a different
gravity etc etc it is too much Or are they very highBut why the hell are they going to the hollow
earthFull of plot holes poor character development mambo jumbo technology seriously they emailed
energy source and 30 minutes fight sceneWhat the hell was that The CGI was incredible but the story
made no sense whatsoever Would highly recommend To someone I dislikeAs a society weve now truly
become a case of life imitating art Were living in an Idiocracy Thats what Godzilla v Kong
represents Empty calories for the masses No nutrients for the grey matter You dont need brains to
enjoy this movie In fact it helps if youre zombiesForget the most important aspect of a movie which
is a plot Who needs a plot when youve got hundreds of millions of dollars of CGI on the screen All
those zeros ones and green screens convincing brain dead viewers that this kind of crap being pumped
out by Warner Brothers and other studios is worth your time and money Does anyone recall a time when
movies were actually good When the plot was actually worth following Then again who needs something
as trivial as an engaging plot when youre got a giant ape and a giant lizard beating seven bells out
of one another as you slurp down your BrawndoSo keep handing over your money to these clueless
studios and theyll happily keep churning out crap like Godzilla v Kong for you to gorge on Or you
can vote with your feet and your wallets and ensure that studios up their game That moviemaker
create protagonists that you can root for villains whose motivations you can understand characters
that you can empathise with go on a journey withOr you can choose not to in which case enjoy your
Brawndo and movie studios will continue to mutilate your thirst for mediocre CGI crapfests like
Godzilla v KongJust remember Its got electrolytesThis is the clearest evidence of how Hollywood can
destroy great movie icons Unable to make a decent film about Godzilla they decided to destroy the
two great cinema monsters with the bonus that Mechagodzillas fantastic robot is reduced to a
cockscrew If I pay a ticket to see the film I want the story to be honored Godzilla has features
that we hope to see film after film I dont ask for much But the untalented people who made the film
came up with the idea that it was better not to play Godzillas music I thought of Star Wars without
its iconic music Its the same An aberration On the other hand the humanization of King Kong is
unbearable Uncomfortable worried it makes it nauseating to see the great King Kong turned smart
gorilla who can communicate with his little friend Since when did King Kong stop liking blondes The
humans who star in the plot are also unbearable The boy the particular reason I hated Deadpool 2 now
achieved the impossible that he hated American movies about monsters with an inclusive cast Of the
others only one sentence I wanted them all dead in the first frame Everyone their parents and their
grandparents I wanted everything to explode in the film and in the final fight they would wipe out
humanity starting especially with those involved with the production of this slug this crap this
cinematographic insult Finally Godzilla has no neck and has a microcephalic head I dont know who
came up with it that this is how the king of monsters should look Godzilla for that anatomy couldnt
even look to the side without having to rotate the body King Kong using weapons is as if it were an
extension of past films with apes conquering the world inaugurated by Charlton Heston No Hollywood
dont do it anymore Stop doing garbage Stop insulting our intelligence and pockets Stay away from
this movie at all costs wellshot fights arent worth everything behind and around them If you want to
watch a decent movie just watch the ones made in Japan or Pacific RimThis movie is so unbelievably
bad its a joke I only watched it because its free on HBO Max so thank heavens I didnt waste a single
cent on this abomination disguised as a film Characters have no meaning or purpose besides the
little girl All of this happens just for some middle schoolers to spill a drink on a circuit board
to defeat a robot godzilla I could have come up with a better storyscript in my sleep Skip this
cashgrab garbageAll cashing in no soulIf you want to call your film Star Wars but are happy to leave
the existential matter behind it creates a product without much of a valueThere is a poor orphan
girl who scavenges and has no money house or friendsBut she is one of the best pilots in the galaxy
and can pilot a spaceship into space  even better than its owner and master of many yearsYup said
girl can maneuver space ships in deep space no problemI guess she learnt deep galaxy space travel on
the side when she was done for the day scavenging and dumpster divingBarf at Mary Sue and her bf
directorThis is well below A You tube video LOL that consists of a pathetic and failed attempt at
everything including Mary SueismClearly Bad Robot is a very lonely and uncreative place PS Whats
that STENCH   It is Jar Jar AbramsWhy dont you get your own ideasHow about you for once in your
lives come up with an original idea instead of ripping off everything and everyone and trying to
make money and money and more money off other peoples ideasHave you heard of film art cinema movies
or talentThis film is such a stupid rip off gender switch and why are these actors so bad Is it
because you picked them up at discount alleyIn a country that votes for a dotard who imported
Chinese steel stiffed American suppliers and workers hired illegal aliens in Florida married a
foreigner who worked here illegally declared bankruptcy three times and of course is making his
merchandise in China but is voted for by nationalist voters LMFAO we have a sequel that is a remake
that is devoid of any merita rt imagination hope or actingdirecting capability and yet makes a
billion dollarsEnough SaidThis film is a cover act with no originality or soulStar Wars was a classic of film and cinemaThis is a creepy and unfunny movie The Mary Sue has it
easy and is wonderfully cough cough magical This is Hollywood at its hammy worst The joke of a cast
barely bothers to make facial expressions Harrison Ford is game but has nothing to work with and the
robot does what it can But mostly I spent the movie cringing at the horrible script and Jar Jars
repulsive obeying Kathleen Kennedys ordersBut not as ugly as the rest of the reboot filmPoor Jar Jar
Abrams he just remakes and rebootsThey even have a death star here with the very same flaw is the earlier onesLMAOEverything coming out of Disneys greedy studio is crapThey made a joke out of the superhero genre they made their endless princesses ugly and now they
destroyed Star WarsSadnessImagine a socalled Star Wars film episode 7 that totally ignores what happened in episode 6 Now
imagine no more It is called The Farce AwakensThere was an article on the net a year ago about JJ Abrams last wife At least she must be happyI do
not have a hard time placing this film On one side its so typically hollywoodish  its a
superproduction with Star Warsrelated content that would make it probably to many Fan film festivals
Its very conventional in its Sunday morning TV message and the morality tale that it tells is quite
conventional and of course we know the end of the story either because we have watched Star Wars or
because we have seen enough films from Hollywood or for both reasons On the other side its a film by
JJ Abrams so there is a dose of mainstream storytelling and inexplicable plot developments in its
characters The special effects are 100 created for the movie and uninspiredSo its the story of
Episode IV without any twistsWhat makes it worse are elements of fan fiction in the story telling
distracted but not awful acting from Leia Rey and others and the computergenerated special effects
which succeed to create a level of thrill to a story Did we need this story and episode At this
level of amateurishness the answer is noEvery part of this movie is useless absolutely boring story
is hilarious and the characters are all useless and unneededSure they put in a chick in a short
skirt and a dog and we feel something but the script is meaninglessThe only saving grace for this
mince is that Ana De Armas is in it All you fools who are just discovering her know nothing Shes a
goddess FACTBR2049 has more plot holes than emmental cheese and one big plot twist that I wont
mention not because it would spoil much but because if you decide to watch this movie you deserve to
be disappointed by its stupidityThe big twist is mentioned as the miracle but it is absolutely
idiotic and illogical from the point of view of a manufacturer of replicants How did that might have
ever be considered a good idea One would assume that after the disaster of the Nexus 6 series Tyrell
Co and his successors would have invented some more reliable security system  such as a lower level
of selfconsciousness way safer than the questionable obedience of the Nexus 8 Or even something like
all the androids looking the same so that they can be easily detected and you would not need blade
runners to locate and eliminate themAnything that would provide humanity with useful free labor
without ethical problems But no in this movie ethical problems just got exponentially bigger And so
much for a science so advanced as to reproduce perfect bodies and mindsBesides since it is
established that humankind sucks I failed to understand how replicants are in any way better since
they just want to be more like humans On the visual side BR2049 sucks too Looks like they used
random leftovers scenery from other SciFidisaster movies from the overused industrial background of
Terminator to the desertic blurred landscape of MadMax and the inevitable nightmarish cityscape
which looks like Blade Runner but on cheap side Costumes looks like the contemporary drab clothing
promoted by Nordic high street chains lots of dark cheaplooking leggings and stretchy tops a far cry
from the decadent elaborate futuristicretro suits of BRIn one scene Deckard meets Tyrells successor
in a closed room filled with water except a square island in the middle A room that has no other
reason to exist except bringing back memories of the original Tyrell buildingThe dialog is
unbelievable bad and scenes drag on forever When the Goslin character finds Deckart the two spend
over ten minutes fighting and chasing each other when a couple of lines of dialogue would have
avoided that The ending is both manipulative and plagiarist it wants to move the audience recreating
the amazing poetic moment of Roy Battys death but using snow instead of rain If nothing else the
ending would have been enough to put me off this piece of commercial garbageI didnt realise 2049
also was the actual length of the film It sure felt like it 3 hours of boring dialogue hollow
characters and an embarrassingly weak story Hard to believe Ridley Scott really made thisThe first
Blade Runner worked the pace of the film brilliantly up to the powerful ending The story was a
rather simple scifi noir detective story with a twist It made some huge comments on humanity and
what kind of future we want It worked on so many levels It could be viewed as a simple scifi
detective story or as a great spiritual journey that asked all the big questions And what can your
maker do for youThe first Blade Runner had so many great lines but with 2049 I cannot remember a
single quotable line 2049 completely lacks all which made the original the best scifi movie ever I
take the same view as Rutger Hauer recently did Why even try to do a second one It would be as
painting a second Mona Lisa Or building another Eiffel towerA huge disappointment of a sequel that
should never have been madeThe original Blade Runner is one of my favourite films so I was really
looking forward to this one What a disappointment If I wasnt in the company of others I would of
walked out early I left the cinema feeling annoyed that I had to sit through this overlong
monotonous film The storyline is dragged out with the main character just going from place to place
to investigate something like in a video game At the beginning he is in a fight scene and you find
out he is basically indestructible The replicants are now terminators This leaves out any suspense
that he is in danger The first film was kind of believable the city was overcrowded and the building
were decaying  it had atmosphere This one looked like a more modern city with a lot of emptiness The
technology has advanced so much that he now has a solid light fully realistic AI holographic
companion that operates from a small device he can keep in his pocket If you think about it why are
they so desperate to increase replicant slave labour production when they are capable of building AI
robots that can be enveloped with holographic light to look human They still have the blurry 1950 TV
quality monitors to echo the first film but the supposed technology jump does not make sense The
music by Vangelis was one of the most important parts of the original He conveyed through the use of
synthesisers and traditional instruments a sense of awe and wonder beauty and the sadness of a
dystopian world Johann Johannsson was originally commissioned to score the film and I think he would
of done a great job but they decided for some reason it was not Hollywood sounding enough so they
bought in Hans Zimmer What a disaster It might as well be the music from Batman VS Alien Just lots
of loud noise The original was a box office failure that became a cult classic This is just a
failurei cannot believe these ten star comments first the visuals were mostly flat there was no
explanation why in this time there were virtually no people around one scene only with about thirty
extras no lights seems to be on either in the shots were he is flying over the city more importantly
you had a very thin plot that could have been told in less than an hour nothing happens for most of
the film it is as if all concerned were on valium the music was just noise talk about an
anticlimatic ending the film just whimpers out none of the very little plot made any sense so here
we have yet again critics raving about nothing an insult to the original in every way do not waste
your time or money going to see this i was going to list the many nonsensical things in the film but
on reflection i dont think the film deserves anymore of my timeIn the ongoing tradition of Harrison
Fords Action heroes of the 1980s turning out to be really terrible dads we have Blade Runner 2049
the sequel to 1982s Blade Runner We meet a replicant cop named K who is of a new variety that doesnt
rebel unlike those bad ones in the movies So he tracks down a Runaway Nexus 8 even though in the
original movie we were assured that Nexus 8s only had 4 year lifespans During the course of this
they discover the bones of Sean Youngs character from the original movie along with the realization
she had given birth Our hero also has a relationship with a Hologram Girl for some reason I guess so
he is sad when she gets deleted later in the movie If you are watching this movie to see Harrison
Ford reprise his role as Deckard you dont get to see him walking around like someones confused
grandpa until 2 hours into an interminably long movie Seriously I feel bad for Ford Why does he do
this to himselfSo they want to find the child of Deckard and Rachel because this is a replicant that
can reproduce which is supposedly more efficient than just growing them for some reason They say
they need more replicants to colonize the outer colonies but of course there are plenty of people
living in squalor including a child labor sweatshop I cant emphasize enough how long boring
uninteresting this movie was Its like they watched the original and still had no idea what made it a
good movieAdmittedly I did not enjoy the prospects of a Blade Runner sequel since I considered the
first installment to be a oneoff story for which a sequel would ultimately harmUnfortunately this
movie did just that I did not like the plot at all which I considered both ridiculous and tacky
despite being drenched in massive amounts of selfimportance The visuals were nice and lots of care
seemed to be made to maintain the originals style The problem is again the story narrative etc Id
say its worth a watch but I dont believe many will return for a second viewingThis movie was so bad
I cant put into words I loved Blade Runner but this sequel is so bad I can no longer watch the
original Music over the top Acting nonexistent Length felt like 6 hoursand not in a good wayAs
people left the theater I saw shaking headsDont understand people raving about it They must be
connected to the film somehow Save your money watch the original and dont let this ruin it for you
like it did for meWhat a damn slow motion movie Not a single thing good about it Poor acting and
baseless action scenes making it much worse Thought it will have some wow moments being a sci fi
film but I was utterly disappointed Beware of the fake ratings and its totally not worth it I do not
believe that digital camera survived a nuke Im sorry there you go That was the final nail in the
coffin for this movie it just heaps one immersionbreaking sequence of events after anotherSo lets
count offCloverfield stops just short of carving all the characters in this movie die into your
forehead in the first 40 seconds of the movie making it impossible to feel any sort of emotional
attachment to them CheckMagicallyappearing army which arrives roughly TEN MINUTES into the monster
attack despite the fact that one of the main bridges into Manhattan was destroyed not thirtyseconds
earlier CheckMonster cant be hurt by weapons Check This is forgivable its a trope of all giant
monster movies Most make some attempt to explain it in Cloverfield they just assume youll go Oh of
course that doesnt work It IS a giant monster after allMonster drops off little baby monsters in
this case parasites that only serve to pad the movie and give the filmmakers an excuse to film
someone literally exploding offcamera with no explanation as to WHY said character exploded because
of the bite of a little monster CheckExiting the subway into a convenientlyplaced Army hospital
CheckBaby monster bite that while severe doesnt slow down any of the caste UNTIL the poorly
telegraphed I feel a little dizzy followed by the abovereferenced character explosion
CheckSkyscraper improbably leaning against another skyscraper without either of them collapsing
CheckGirl survives roughly six hours with a rebar spike through her shoulder without bleeding to
death OK this ones plausible People have survived weirder and the rebar MIGHT have kept her from
bleeding to deathGirl is capable of running not once but twice roughly ten minutes after being
REMOVED from said rebar Without being slowed down because of bloodloss pain nausea or any other
reason CheckMonster pulls a Dragonball Z and gets back up despite lots of bombs and a huge cloud of
smoke CheckHelicopter crashes in central park and only the three main characters survive CheckGuy
and his girl fiend wind up together at the end complete with useless and weepy Blair Witch Im scared
why is this happening to me dialog CheckCamera Footage survives a NUCLEAR ATTACK despite the fact
that a nukes EMP will still erase digital footage even if it IS protected by a flimsy central park
bridge Check and thats the whole movie Seriously Every scene contained something needlessly
immersionbreaking which coupled with the nauseainducing camerawork made for a decidedly poor movieIf
given the choice of being bitten by one of the little monsterlice from Cloverfield or watching the
actual movie Id take being bitten At least then youll only feel sick for about half an houri went in
expecting a scary monster moviewhat i got was 15 minutes of bad TV dialog and 45 minutes of shakycam
running through the streets the acting was OK but the characters were really unpleasant not only did
i not care if they died by the end of the movie i was rooting for the monsterthere were a lot of
plot holes and the decisions everyone made were totally unrealistic it was hard to stay in the movie
because of the constant lapses of common sense and logical flaws those kinds of things really annoy
me when they could have been fixed with a line or two of dialogfinally at the end of the movie there
were a couple minutes of cool special effects the rest of the movie was a waste of timeWhat on earth
is this movie doing with a 8110 ratingI think Im being kind with a 310 It is just as a big a
disaster for me as its trying to portraybut fails completelyNow what puzzles me is why on earth
would you go completely calm and focused towards an alien monster trashing the city with bombs being
dropped on it O pleaseto save a women who should have been dead but miraculously survives She has a
metal rod through her chest or i think it was with all that nauseating camera work and should have
died of loose of blood Now another thing i dont quite get is the camerahmmm 10 hours of batteryyea
Captures all the good bits of an exiting adventureHD quality and doesnt run out of battery or stop
working from all the times its dropped and thrown in the movie God i have to find a place where they
sell theseAnd now onto the actingacting Its not hard to scream and look really scared which is all
they dothey dont even need to look convincing because half the time the camera is trying to look
really really realistic and is filming the ground Now this guys best friend that is filmingi dont
think i have come across a narrator that annoying What does he do in the movie apart from sayingomg
what just happened dudewhat was thatDude this is scary I mean what the When he finally dies after
miraculously surviving a helicopter crash with his friends i rejoiced Sorry for not knowing his name
but even now i dont even know whos whoJust dont bother with this movie please Im glad i only
downloaded it first before going out to watch in the cinemas Youll be wishing the movie to end so
you can get on with your lifeI will admit the marketing scheme behind this awfulness was clever I
mean I like a good thrill ride monster movie The Creature From the Black Lagoon piqued my curiosity
as a youngster as I marveled at the brilliance of trying to understand something that has no
explanation However its hard to have this curiosity no matter how intriguing the monster is when the
script is so tired its in a comaYes the monster is cool No the stupid handheld camera gimmick didnt
bother me Yes the special effects are great and at times I did find myself in awe of the spectacle
on the screen as it does seem real but the movie itself is so so so dumb At any moment I felt
comfortable to leave to use the restroom as I knew exactly what I was going to miss The plot was a
paint by numbers and I would have loved even a touch of Bob Ross to fill the blanks but no
originality whatsoeverFirst they steal the overdone Hollywood bit about love Dude if you love her
tell her Response I cant tell her unless a mutant alienocean creature tries to expunge the city only
then will I try and make my move Why have this Why not make the story the monster Really who cares
about these characters Who cares about Robs job in Japan Its flimsy Why have it The beginning
clearly leads on that the camera is found which means they all die Standard operation of introducing
characters that we shouldnt care aboutSecond they decide to steal a scene from a much better monster
movie The Descent Lets try night vision on the camera And this is in no way as scary as the movie
that did it better The Descent works better in every faction of story telling It forces
claustrophobia as it whispers the insanity and the entire film works as a metaphor for diving deep
into the darkness of ones existence and summoning demons ones we cant see coming which is why I
think those monsters were blind Cloverfield does none of this Its a where can we run to next saga A
B movie A well shot B movie Third we have the comic relief one liner guy holding the camera But in
true fashion of a bad movie hes not funny just annoying A few people in my viewing clapped when he
was eaten I love LOST I think its the best show on TV but the writer here has proved that being a
great psychological writer for the little screen does not translate to comedy Bad Robot productions
should hire one guy with a sense of humor They may need him at some point Huds pinnacle of wit was
Thats terrible when he gets a good shot of the monster Followed closely by Thats terrible too when
we see when of its younglings a few seconds later Brilliant improv I can only guess the script
consisted of locations and not so much dialogue since this boner had most of the words in the movie
words that seemed spontaneously driven from someone wait listed at community college Horrible Im
surprised he didnt utter Thats terrible cubed before he was engorged upon Stupid stupid stupidFourth
we have the killervillainmonster has one last leap Yes we knew the helicopter was going down since
they find the camera in Central Park We killed him Hud proclaims just before the monster elevates
and slaps the helicopter to the ground This is scary why Oh its not scary and I find the idea of a
thing like this really existing more logical than any of those bozos surviving the crash in the park
Fifth theyve stolen from every Stephen King novel ever because King should always have chapters
taken out and this movie should have been an hour long Do we really need to see them walk up 57
flights of stairs and then back down and then bank up and then and then and then and then yes we do
Otherwise they dont have enough for a feature length movie So trite and boring and not fascinating
Which is why the gimmick of a hand held camera was needed Otherwise they may actually need to give
the characters some arc have some purposeful shots of the monster maybe create a reason for what it
is and why its there and uhoh give it some originality For anyone who thinks this movie is original
it is probably because you are under 24 and either naive to creativity or just havent seen any
worthwhile movies I wanted to like this I did I really did It just wasnt good I can respect it as I
respect all movies that are made It was well crafted and edited and the effects were amazing but so
what All movies now have great effects The Fantastic Four movies are not good but their effects rock
War of the Worlds was awful but I thought those things really came out of the ground Effects and
production dont make a movie Not anymore T2 Jurassic Park Men in Black those movies were pioneers to
FX being a character along with brilliant filmmaking Now it is expected Since it is expected there I
expect more from the story This isnt it If I were trapped in hell and I had a choice to watch either
Cloverfiled or One Miss Call over and over Id pick One Miss Call At least its badness is funny which
gives it some merit Cloverfield is just bad Textook trite clichéd not smart overdone not scary bad
Not as bad as Mission Impossible 2 but pretty darn closeI have to hand it to JJ Abramswe fell for
this flick hook line and sinkerThe only downside is it COMPLETELY lacked substance There was NO
story We went to see a monster movie only to find out NOTHINGI mean NOTHING about it It was about
stupid people who were unwilling to leave the cityand then were killed Big dealIn the end you didnt
know how the monster got there if they actually killed it what its powers were what the little
monsters were where it came from what it wantedyou never even got to see the entire shape of it or
the use of all its body partsIt is the only movie I have ever wanted to walk out of I just kept
waiting for it to get betterIf Abrams ends Lost this way the world is going to come ungluedWell I
clicked spoiler but the spoiler is that there are no spoilers Nothing to the movieAbout 75 of the
audience hung around through the end credits and let me tell you that was universally the most
negative reaction I have ever seen to any movie in a theaterDisappointment doesnt even begin to
describe how these people felt at least according to how they expressed themselvesThe movie is
fortunately short only 90 mins or so long 20 mins of that is spent at a party you would leave after
10 minutes if you hadnt paid to get ina going away party for some loser that looks like a guy from
your companys mail room Apparently this loser has been promoted improbably to be a VP for his
company in JapanThe party apparently is intended to set up whatever is supposed to pass for the
movies paper thin plot line All it did for me was condition me to the intentionally awful camerawork
Yeah I realize it is stylistic and allbut bad camerawork doesnt pass for action No running through a
crowd jostling a camera around does not translate to movie magic on screenThere will be internet fan
boys that will tell you the movie is great a must see very intense Whatever They are deluding
themselves These people will have spent the last year or more pumping this movie for JJ Abrams and
will be unable to admit to themselves or you that it is simply not goodHey have ten bucks and two
hours of your life to blow Why not try Cloverfield If you like motionsickness inducing handheld
closeup cantfocusonanything movies aka anything by Michael Bay then this is a movie for you and your
six second attention span Wait  what was I saying Oh yeah theres this thing that runs rampant on
Manhattan No one knows what the hell it is its just there In the meantime all of the monster crap
interrupts a very special episode of Dawsons Creek you know the one where Dawsons going to leave for
Japan and he finds out at the party that Joeys been sleeping around on him Alright now picture that
filmed with your dads handycam in the middle of a Godzilla movie Its a big shte sandwich coupled on
either side by two slices of moldy bread Thats how fresh and satisfying of a movie this isBut hey on
the bright side everyone died and that made me smileIts a bigbudget Cmovie and while that may sound
like something entertaining to fans of shlock films trust me when I tell you that its not Give me
Godzilla vs Mothra any day over this steaming pile At least those movies have heartI am more of a
vote and not post person but I have to at least get the word out that this movie is terrible People
just need to AVOID IT AT ALL COSTS     not your wallet costs 20 minutes of Blair Witch type
camerawork for a goingawayparty The rest with unsteady camera shots that totally gave me a migraine
headache Horrible Storyline was poor and VERY slow I kept finding moments to just close my eyes and
try to make the agony stop The ending was one of those where you look at your movie companions and
say ummm is that it oh wait there has to be more and you sit and sit and realize that its over My
friend and I agree that it is a mix of Blair Witch meets Starship Troopers meets AliensWhat a waste
of time and money This movie would have been good if the camera was put down and a film was made
When the attack began the director should have the camera dropped then pan out and the movie start
Film the characters running and trying to rescue their friend But the way the movie was videotaped
made the footage jerky and nauseating to watch The fighting between the army and the monster was
good but again left you with too many unanswered questions Besides when a rescue helicopter takes
off they do not fly parallel to the danger they would fly away from danger The ending was empty and
left the viewers full of questions Nothing was ever explained Just stay at home and watch some home
movies taped by your three year old Might make more senseI went to see this yesterday I actually
regret doing it The moment it ended there was general booing and disappointment in the theater Not a
single applause Throughout this film I got to see more than 10 people walking out of the theater I
left after the credits ended with a terrible headache and the nausea of a lifetime It got so bad
that I actually had to take a Dramamine pill when I was back at my placeI didnt like this clichéd
film I believe it is a flawed exercise about character perspective and documented realism However
the special effects were poor but some of them passable the editing kept an appropriate rhythm the
performances were regular with the clear exception of TJ Miller who played the obnoxious camera man
Hud He did an awful jobMy main dislikes with this film were the camera movement and the argument
overallFirst the camera moves excessively all time Even during the party sequence all the scenes are
horribly captured Hud wasnt running from a monster then was he I get the filmmakers intention but I
felt more nauseated than afraid because they went too far with their movement The moment I
dissociated myself from the movie and started feeling trapped inside a really expensive handycam I
knew the original intention had gotten lost In that respect the Blair Witch Project which I also
didnt like but for other reasons is superior by far Its technical proposal does help convey a
profound emotional impact whereas Cloverfields camera trembling doesnt Consequently the characters
on Cloverfield remain mostly aloof which really makes some silly elements in the plot to stand
outSPOILERS START NOW That brings me to my second main dislike the argument Were they joking I dont
even mean the monster Its a monster movie so I wont even go there Everyone goes to save Beth the
romantic interest of Rob who is beyond logical salvation Sure Robs friends try to stop him from
going to his certain death but they all end up joining him anyway  Consequently Beth becomes more of
a cheap plot device than a characterBut I mean Marlena joined them From what we know of her she
wouldnt Thats character inconsistency right there So lets assume she had her psychological reasons
to do it Shes after all supposedly human and complex But throughout her time on the screen nothing
happens to shed any light as to why she is with them So theres no depth to her No need for her
expect to save Huds life onceAlso the love story between Rob and Beth rests so much in what some
people say of them and a few lines between the wretched lovers that it becomes shallow and boring
Sure some say hes been in love with her forever and they do share a wonderful day at Columbus Circle
and Coney Island Of course she has got to be the love of his life Im not cynical and I actually
enjoy romantic themes but this was an insult I mean the whole story rests so much on this supposed
doomed love that it ought to have been better explored The performances were so flat in this
category that they didnt help either Again the love story turned into yet another sort of plot
deviceWhen the friends rescue Beth from her building she is severely injured and yet she can walk
and even run At the end when they arrive to the evacuation area despite her bleeding injury Beth is
not the first one to climb into the helicopter In fact she has to wait for another helicopter to
take her out because the soldiers offer the only seat to Lily who is physically well It is
ridiculous Obviously the real reason the filmmakers did that is so that the lovers Rob and Beth
could remain together until the end Have I said plot device before Cheap and trashy plot device And
theres more much more rubbish like that throughout the film SPOILERS HAVE ENDED Also the fact that
Hud was filming everything even in the party almost every private moment is ludicrous The filmmakers
choice of the handycam as the true narrator is too limited so he naturally had to use it to an
unbelievable degree The consequence is that the purpose of capturing a sense of realism is defeated
and Cloverfield ends up being an absurdly unrealistic movie in its own monsterdestroyingNewYorkmovie
contextIn Cloverfield the filmmakers ask you to accept too many things just as they tell you they
are However the movie consistently fails to provide you with valid reasons for doing so They keep
forcing on you a story of the poorest quality Its almost offensiveWeak screenplays do that And when
they do one at least expects something in return whether a feeling or a memorable moment Something
that would justify the torture Unfortunately with Cloverfield one ends up emptyhanded jerky camera
movements asideI dont recommend this film at all especially if you value the use of a tripod or the
meaning of storytelling In any case if youre going to see it please dont expect anything great and
try not to eat or drink liquids for a couple of hours before and while watching it In all honesty it
can make you feel physically as well as mentally nauseatedGuardians of the Galaxy is just another
mediocre film Under the pretence of future it sneaked in embraces of the past Perhaps it tried to be
both but it was neither a serious film nor a comedy It failed to trigger any deeper emotion inside
me Its humour was out of context There were too many characters most of which were not properly
developed The purposes of existence of those figures were very confusing Ill comment in detail on
the triggering of deeper emotions and the humour in the following 2 paragraphsSomeone commented that
the films like the Dark knights series set a standard that superhero films must be deep and
thoughtful That person further commented that this film Guardians of the Galaxy challenged this
standard I generally dont like dogmas But here its not at all about dogmas It is just the fact that
those deep ones could trigger deeper emotions or provoke thoughts or inspire the audiences or help
the audiences learn something or help the audiences learn themselves better By these the audiences
like think about involuntarily recall remember and give high scores for those deep films Of course
different people have different opinions on deepness So I dont comment on the deepness of Guardians
of the Galaxy Just commenting on triggering deeper emotions or provoking thoughts or inspiring me or
helping me learn something or learn myself better unfortunately Guardians of the Galaxy did none of
these to me So it just didnt make me feel that way that it was one of those alltime great
filmsSomeone commented that Guardians of the Galaxy was not a serious film but rather it was a great
lighthearted comedy Even for this I dont think I could agree Great humour exists in context In the
right context something plain could be hilarious Out of context brilliant jokes were just nothing In
Guardians of the Galaxy too much humour ran out of context For example the raccoon said later that
he asked for one prisoners prosthetic leg was just a joke What did this convey It was clever to play
such heartless jokes on your partners when it was time to be serious No How about it tried to
portray a figure the raccoon who was unfazed in front of great danger But then you had to make the
situation look dangerous Even in The Wizard of Oz 1939 the scenes felt more creepy than here in the
prison The prison here felt just like a noisy secondhand market So I didnt find the joke funny and
didnt know why it was in the film otherwise either There were many such lines I knew they were
intended to be something to make people laugh but I just didnt feel that entertained at those
improper momentsAll in all Guardians of the Galaxy has no place on the alltime great list Perhaps it
was the last joke it could play on itself being put into the Top 250 list Among those great films
its mediocrity would just manifest itself Just within the first month of its release it dropped 20
places on the Top 250 list from the 34th to the 54th As time goes on this film will likely drop
further when the enthusiasm fades after its initial surge There are great films like In the Name of
the Father 1993 A Beautiful Mind 2001 etc They were not on the Top 250 list before but gradually
rose up and emerged into the alltime great list Just on the contrary Guardians of the Galaxy will
gradually drop out of the Top 250 listI thought it would only be fair giving this 1 star even though
its maybe  at BEST  a 4 because this is definitely not worth 8 GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY was a shot I
chose to try in god knows how long since Ive been to the cinema This is just another load of
Hollywood trash I had the impression it was innovative considering the Guardians being pulled out
from the bottom of the pile and the whole outlaw thing but I was wrongIN THE BEGINNING whatshisname
is on Earth and it is APPARENTLY 88 The kids mother dies OK Is this meant to be emotional despite
the fact I have no attachment to any of these characters yet OH WOW ITS THE FUTURE NOW Im sorry his
mother dies he goes outside and then he gets abducted What is this supposed to signify Not to
mention its obviously unbelievably and strangely timed but this is probably an attempt at giving
some depth to the main character but really doesnt do ANYTHING for the major plot of the entire
filmThe rest of the film was just a bunch of underdogs coming together because they end up in the
same space prison because what happens when youre arrested together is you share a block not to
mention gender is no issue here Then they fall into this orb situation What is it It it is this orb
and it is powerful a bit like the cube or something There was little development in the story at all
really a few changes in direction but no real twists or anything surprising I dont even know I was
almost asleep half the time I was constantly checking my watch to see when it was overSo we have
hideous CGI here Ridiculously unprofessional but I guess Im not in with the CGI in blockbusters They
have this obnoxious claim to fame with technology it seems having the ability to do these things
doesnt make it cool it just looks like a video game Another thing visually was the designs It was
just so typical of the actionscifi genre in the technology and whatnot and the characters very much
in the same boat but moreso thrown together effortlesslyThen after that its all EXPLOSIONS  SPEEDING
ADVERTISING  HITTING In between theres a conceited amount of one liners that made me cringe The best
kind And in the end we have some false suspense because we know everything is going to be
okayOVERALL The comedy was horrid The story was simple The characters were lacking in everything
really The cinematography didnt even involve cameras The soundtrack was a bunch of pop classics
chucked together So what was good about it The ACTION1111 Wait no The action was too much
unnecessary and clearly there to fill in time Main reason I even saw this was I received an
invitation from some mates I think Ill try go back to sticking to films with a point The only point
of this was to brainwash and make big bucksThe movie was recommended to me by a friend who saw the
reviews and somehow believed those Huge mistakeTo say the movie is childish would be an honor for
this movie I have seen plenty of animated movies which were a huge lot betterThe story is dumb and
entirely predictable The characters are almost flat and have absolutely no credibility from either a
serious point of view nor from a parody point of view Acting was also poorVisual effects were OK and
being a 3D movie helped but that is the only positive thing that I can say about the movieThe
theater was halffull but during the entire movie there was not a single time when you could hear
everybody laughing hardThe only way I can imagine that so many 9 and 10 star reviews were added for
this movie is since all the brainwashed Marvel fanboys and sockpuppets for the studios somehow
managed to overwhelm normal reviewersAs a fan of Marvel movies I was excited to see Guardians of the
Galaxy However this movie failed on several levelsIt is supposed to a comedy but the jokes are not
funny I genuinely laughed once Furthermore one joke was weirdly inappropriateThe story is completely
generic It seems like they just needed some story any story as a vehicle for the characters to get
together and try to be funnyI wanted to write a review without spoilers but the big setpiece ending
of a spaceship crashing into the ground has to be called out This was done in the Avengers and Star
Trek Into Darkness To me its like directors have to have this 911 shot in every movie big thing
crashes into buildings and it has to stop Its boring nowThe only positive about this movie was the
special effects and space backgroundsIt seems that Marvel have figured out punters will pay cash
money for any old junk if its wrapped up in special effects and a decent soundtrack I will approach
the next Marvel with extreme caution and I will not see Guardians of the Galaxy 2I love Marvel
Whether it be XMen Thor The Avengers Spiderman Iron Man most of the commonly known ones of course
but I always loved them But to put this as simply as I can though that doesnt mean this will be
short this film was filled with 1000 of the most common clichés extracted from these great films and
stories and crammed them into one mashedup jumpy unreserved ridiculous abnormal spiteful detestable
idiotic moronic absurd ludicrous senseless meaningless pointless terriblywritten unbelievably
unrealistic supersupersuperherowannabe movie that very desperately AND obviously AND obnoxiously
attempts to specialeffect everything and I mean everything to simply gain some big bucks because hey
its Marvel what could go wrong Its sad to see how successful their attempts were I fell for it for
me its all due to The Avengers because that was freaking amazing even though it had a lot of
commonplace stuff And boy do I regret wasting my two hours on this extremely disappointing collage
Basically its a film made of collages because everything just had to be colorful in outer space No
seriously Of course everything is colorful there Its not like the galaxy is filled with 96 dark
matter that is called DARK for a reason So yeah Totally makes sense And your skin also starts
rotting in outerspace too Serious case of leprosy then I liked Elektra more than this Id rather have
watched that five times Kind of feel like that says something The only reasons I smiled or laughed
was because the directors and script writers were decent at making corny jokes puns and lines funny
enough that giggling is impossible prevent unless you are emotionless They should have gone with
comedy rather than actionadventure though since I sincerely thought the rest of the moments were
just junk Call me a spoilsport if you must but I was literally whispering what would happen in the
next minute to my friend beside me Usually Im not very good at predicting what happens in films
unless they are seriously full of clichéswhich this film is but I said them anyway I was right 8
times Out of 9 I counted Anyway though the beautiful graphics did rival that of Avatar the plot of
saving the people from the evil mastermind only this time it involves the whole galaxy instead of
just one planet so its not just Earth thats being targeted this time so ha we are different never
got THIS tiring I was so close to sinking in my chair and dreaming up a nightmare because of how
stupidly predictable this film was Maybe that was intentional and Marvel fans just wanted to see
some new more unique heroes this time and also to see the visuals and maybe to see Chris Pratt and
Zoe Saldanas pretty buttsbut whatever I had half that mind prepared for a clichéturned awesome movie
when I walked in the theater I came out with my whole mind filling up and overloading with shame and
displeasureSo plot Would have been old and good but it wasnt Protagonists I would have cared for
them more if the filmmakers didnt blow up almost everyones favorite guy and kept alive some peoples
leastliked guys So yeah Villains  oh my gosh no seriously What even happened to the evil robot woman
Did the filmmakers just completely forget her Music Louder than Inceptions horn And I loved that
even though it had no tune Couldnt stand this though But still be ready for some rocking 80s and 90s
music that I would have downloaded if they didnt play those songs during totally inappropriate
moments Comedy relief my butt The only relief I got out of the soundtrack that isnt even their
soundtrack hopefully they didnt violate any copy rights I mean if its these filmmakers I wouldnt be
surprised is that Im glad Groot enjoyed himself Visuals Stunning That wasnt sarcastic at all At all
What else Oh yeah unless you pay me a million dollars I would never watch the sequel So sorry I cant
contribute ten dollars for Marvel next time Tough luckDont let this review stop you though Most of
my friends liked it And of course most people who reviewed this movie liked it so I guess Im just a
jerk Im betting you readers agree and thats totally understandable since I am totally venting But
hey three out of four of my friends never watched a Marvel movie so call me bluffing but I sincerely
experienced one of the deepest disappointments I have ever dealt with in regards to a movie
franchise in my entire life Im still going to watch Xmen though Dang you MarvelSuch an awful wreck
There I said it These marvel films are becoming a huge bore and nevertheless have disappointed
anyone even bothering to consider that maybe one day Hollywood will create a stellar film But this
This Garbage Filled tothelid with CGI The typical stereotypes blown over proportions and yet people
still go to these theaters and pay for this crap and still LIE to themselves and honestly say that
it was a fantastic and great and awesome A film that would put a psychologist laughing maniacally in
their leather armchair The Ten out of Ten reviews are being given out like candy from these people
Were the characters bad Yes How many Out of the guardians its obvious out of the five theres Groot
the tree humanoid incapable of having a conversation but dont worry it can understand what youre
saying until of course the record of the Idiot starts to play and Groot marches off and ruins your
pitch perfect plan Hes the cgi character crutch Crutch How exactly Simple when theres a break in the
scene here comes Groot and then we sayokay Groot perform your thing and then maybe even add a homage
to the Hulk Rocket Raccoon what a mess isnt he Both as a character and the fact that most of the
emotion in this film came from the animated Raccoon How many scenes will star him seething at the
audience As if his problems are towards everyone Whats even worse is the fact everyone is laughing
at him in real life theres no respect for him outside the film Oh and wheres his real accent Though
I would have to say hes not the character that ruined the movie what a surprised In the fight of Man
versus CGI cgi wins in having a character outperform its humanoid actors And what of Quill Gamora
and Draxx David Bautista as Draxx was actually the better of the three in the overall performance if
any Why Well youll be sharing this characters maniacal laughter once youve realized you wasted
valuable devotion for a franchise whose focus is better spent on a festival of explosions rather
than a film focusing on Quality Oh but wait Quill and his quirks and Gamora as the feminism object
Dun Dun Dun The perfect trio nowadays are the idiots and the friendly brutes and the threatening but
soft spot woman Chris Pratt and Zoe Saldana WHAT COULD GO WRONGoh I dont know Lets start predicting
before we start watching the film Is there a sex scene Its PG13 so no but is there a RomCom kiss
scene You BETCHA Ah what a romanticism of a film Please let me just change my rating from 6 to
ZEROIf you expect a disappointment youre welcome If youre an oblivious fanatic that just loves
hearing and reading the same regurgitated lines youre in for a whirlwindGood Luck Marvel in your
festival of delusion May the farce be with youIf this is what passes for blockbuster entertainment
these days then after 50 years of cinemagoing Im opting out for good Are the filmmakers of the 21st
Century so devoid of originality that everything has to be a cut and paste from the past So a brief
run through of the tedium that passes for plot from that most dreaded of all auteurs the
writerdirector A dude from the past 1988 gets taken into space subHitchhiker Galaxystyle and gets to
spout subStar Wars dialogue in a subSpaceballs kinda plot I was looking at my watch after the first
half hour There was no irony or intelligence in the story the hero takes off his space helmet in the
vacuum of space and hands it over to the sourfaced flatchested Star Trek reboot and they both
survive The director could have at least looked at Total Recall if the physics were too tough for
him If they can censor the best part of Zulu for alleged raaacism then I truly hope this garbage
gets shredded for stupidity and cynicism A sequel is naturally in the works God bless you Stanley
KubrickThis film was like the story of  The Emperors New Clothes where the con artists create an
invisible suit and just to fit in everyone in the village inducing the king say they like the suit
Parts of the film were enjoyable and the film BUT this film is not better than the 2001 A Space
Odyssey Bicycle Thief Rashamon Toy Story Chinatown Up Pans Labyrinth The Hunt Ikuru Good Will
Hunting Blade Runner Rebecca Casino V for Vendetta Fargo Trainspotting Into the wild Dial M for
Murder The Sixth Sense The Thing No Country for Old Men Kill Bill Vol 1 Incendies Network Diabolique
There Will Be Blood Amores Perros The Wizard of Oz Million Dollar Baby The Avengers he Bourne
Ultimatum Strangers on a Train Twelve Monkeys Notorious The Kings Speech The Terminator Rocky Dog
Day Afternoon Monsters Inc Memories of Murder Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2 Lock Stock
and Two Smoking Barrels Die Hard etcSo  my son and I went to watch GotG After reading mixed reviews
we were skeptical but curious The bad reviews unfortunately were right The movie has no story line
stupid characters like a talking raccoon and more bad language than most rated R films I have seen
The producers were trying to cover the lack of plot with senseless action scenes that all seemed
random and disconnected Do yourself a favor and save the money you spend  you will get more pleasure
from a big cup of ice cream I cant believe Glenn Close and Vin Diesel took even small roles in
thisMy sons quote  I totally agree with my dad There was no point in making this movie The movie is
overly dramatic for instance in the beginning of the movie Starlords mom dies from cancer and she
asked him to hold her hand while she dies and he looks away and cries Then after she dies he runs
out of the hospital and gets kidnapped by aliens The characters are really badly made like the evil
blue dude who has a half robot daughter that just stands around him like an eavesdropping servant or
the madman who just tries to kill Ronan  so a lot of this movie is stupid We left the theater half
way throughI love good superhero films Captain America Superman Iron Man This is not one of them If
Id been alone I would have walked out and the last time I did that in a cinema was for The Wedding
SingerIts not without merit but with 170 million spent I would hope not The design overall is very
good the effects also and unlike some I liked Chris Pratt and the Ronan actor But the attempted
humour in the dialog is supremely irritating and the racoon characters grating voice was enough on
its own to make me hate the talking scenesThe film is so derivative it could have been assembled by
cut and paste But at least it does not take itself seriously we are thankful for small merciesEnough
said I will go out of my way to avoid James Gunn films in futureSo 85 million well spent I guess
since theyve already made more than double that back then from a financial point of view  Yes But as
a filmFrankly I would rather remove one of my own limbs with a blunt hacksaw then eat it raw before
I watched this again 25 hours of some of the most boring drivel bad acting weak special effects and
irritating children you could hope to come across The sooner these Child Stars descend into a drug
and sodomy filled adolescence the better for all concernedYes I have read the books and yes I
enjoyed them but this is still one of the dullest films Ive ever encountered Sticking to the
original story is one thing but when the audience are left praying for the last 5 chapters to be cut
somethings gone wrongBack to my original point  where did the 85 million go The Quidditch match was
about on a par with King Kong for realism and using Fungus the Bogeyman for the Troll was a
masterpiece of imaginationfree modelling Perhaps all the money went on getting the magic tricks to
look right Or maybe not How much effort does it take to have some brat wave his wand the camera cuts
away comedy explosion sound effect then camera cuts back to child with spiky hair and blackened face
Pure genius They really have pushed back the boundaries of comedy hereAll in all I feel cheated out
of 25 hours of my life and I strongly recommend that you dont fall into the same trap If you have 25
hours that you really want rid of then Id suggest spending it slowly rubbing sandpaper over your
eyeballs  its cheaper and more pleasant on the sensesThis film was to put it simply rubbish The
child actors couldnt act as can be seen by Harrys supposed surprise on learning hes a wizard Im a
wizard is said with such indifference youd think hes not surprised at all Ive never read the books
and this film did nothing to make me want to read them The only spell this cast over me was one to
get me out of the room as quickly as possible every time I have seen this on after my first viewing
of it in the cinema If you want to see a decent book made film watch Lord of the Rings or possibly
the sequel to this which I thought was actually good 110I have not read any Harry Potter books  Be
that as it may when the glowing reviews started to come in for this film I decided to take a look at
it  I cannot comment on the translation from book to film or the quality of Rowlings books but the
film of the very first novel is quite horrible  I tried to like it but I found it excruciating to
watch  It took me no where and even worse it really didnt have much of a plot  The thin shreds of
plot were introduced 1 hour and 45 minutes into the film  The first part of the film was obviously
conceived to give a background to the viewer of the Potter world  Unfortunately there was little to
grip me here and I found most of it to be grossly out of place  What the heck does a game of
Quidditch have to do with the story  It and many other things were just eye candy  The characters
were stale and seemed like rejects from a Roald Dahl story see James and the Giant Peach  Im
flabbergasted that such a piece of junk has attracted so many adamant fans  No wonder kids dont know
how to read or write very well anymore  No wonder Britney Spears and NSync are so possible  The
piece of trash that is Harry Potter explains it all  the current generation will cling to anything
as long as they dont have to think for themselves  Tis a pity2 12 hours of Boredom Half the audience
fell asleep including most of the kiddies Beautiful to look at but that does not make for a
interesting film Rather spend your money on Lord of the RingsWhy all the glowing comments  This is
one lame movie  Havent we seen these types of special effects enough already  The acting was lame
The story was lame  The pace was slow  The scenes overly long and trite  I was bored out of my mind
I dont really think that most children would honestly like the movie very much except for the fact
that its been hyped so much  They probably have collected all the toys and such that go along with
the marketing of this drivel  It looks to me that the overly positive reviews are from those that
are a part of the sheep syndrome that is sweeping the nation  Join the flock or be an outcast  Sorry
Im not so easily ledthis is one lame movieI feel so bad for Richard Harris  One of his last roles
and it had to be this weak character  Hes probably had worse rolls but this certainly is not one to
be proud of  Big beards do not make a character wise or strong Alan Rickmans character was by far
the best played oneIll rate this 110 because of the pretentiousness of the whole thing Sorry kids this one does
suckWarning there may be spoilers ahead Not like it matters because the whole movie is rotten anyway
and youre better off not seeing itI really dont get what kids like so much about this drivel The
main problem is that the characters are not likable Not that they are dislikeable they are just flat
and bland like altar bread And they dont change at all from the beginning to the end Whos to blame
the bad actors the mediocre director or the awful writer Really Ive seen far better character
development in Revenge of the NerdsAnd the story is just dumb It starts with a good point a kid with
magical powers Where did I hear that before Oh of course The Books of Magic Except for the fact that
JK Rowling is no Neil Gaiman but anyway heres an example When Potters magic powers first appear he
never seems to be too puzzled by them never gets scared nor thinks about using them to exact revenge
from his cruel family Hello Anyone there ever read XMen If you suddenly get superhuman powers you
must be puzzled and temptedTalking about cruel families they can be excellent plot devices Green
Goblin anyone But Potter seems to be immune to a decade of humiliation Sure he is quite lethargic or
is it bad acting but is never aggressive or rancorous Which makes no senseThere are lots of other
bad scenes like the ridiculous chess scene Remember that scene of Attack of the Clones that was
sometimes mockingly described as Star Wars meets Megaman This is similar but even worse Theres no
sensible reason for this place to exist yet it does Even if the rest of the movie was not a disgrace
that scene alone would have ruined it Any suspension of disbelief that had survived the previous
awfulness of the movie was killed at that exact momentBad acting bad directing bad visual effects
bad music and  above anything else the bad writing with all these problems this movie ends up bland
like drinking warm water It has absolutely no flavor  but it can still make you want to throw upThis
film is simply awful the acting is a joke Being a fan of the book I decided to buy the DVD without
seeing at the cinema or renting it before but I was extremely dissapointed Daniel Radcliffs acting
is terrible in my honest opinion he was only hired because he looks like the illustrations of Harry
Potter and he is definatly what I had pictured in my mind but his acting makes a mockery out of the
film and turns it into a spoof of the book instead of bringing it to life I definatly wont be
rushing to the shops to get the second film too soonSLIGHT SPOILERS As an adult it didnt appeal to
me in the least The effects were poorly done the giant plot leap in the middle lots of strange
things are happening hey I know its definitely because the creepy teacher guy wants the thing under
the trap door under the threeheaded dog threw me completely out of the story Its really a kids only
movie which disappointed me because Id been hearing such good things about it And then at the end
Harry is sent back to his abusive adoptive parents So much for changing ones situationAnd I know
that they had to cut tremendous amounts of story in order to make it only 2 12 hours long which was
still way too long for this movie After waiting in line outside the theater with tickets bought a
week ahead of time I must say I was truly disappointed Im even more saddened by the commercial
success and the lunacy of die hard Harry Potter fans which will keep this sad and poorlywritten
movie in theaters much longer than it needs to beSome books should remain booksMany viewers of this
film applaud its faithfulness to the book however they miss that while the film includes much of the
book in it more than is necessary in fact it lacks the central story  That is  the story of a young
boy who has suddenly had his wildest dream come true and who now must deal with his newfound
celebrity his amazing magical heritage and most of all day to day life at Hogwarts with his friends
and enemies  The movie is more preoccupied with populating Hogwarts with ghosts and moving
staircases than it is with characters of any depth  Everyone from the book Harry included suffers
from a serious lack of onscreen development and as a consequence the story lurches  ponderously from
event to event without the throughline that stong character development would bring  I for one am
not easily impressed by effects no matter how impressive especially when they are a duplicitous
substitute for the real strength of a story such as this  characterIts a movie made for people who
think that magic is cute and fun  If youre a fantasy fan like I am and believe in magic in a
fictional sense then you may very well detest this movie as I did  Magic comes easily to little
Harry Potter who has no personality to speak of except that he is occasionally sad that he never met
his mum and dad  Years of abuse and neglect have left not a mark on him so when he gets invited to
Hogwarts Academy of Magic he has nowhere for his character to go  There he flies around on his
broomstick and gets to be a big hero quite by accident without ever confronting any serious
obstacles or anything resembling a plot  In all this the film is an excellent adaptation of the book
which also thought that magic is cutesy wootesy
