You can watch this movie in 1997 you can watch it again in 2004 or 2009 or you can watch it in 2015
or 2020 and this movie will get you EVERY TIME Titanic has made itself FOREVER a timeless classic I
just saw it today 2015 and I was crying my eyeballs out JUST like the first time I saw it back in
1998 This is a movie that is SO touching SO precise in the making of the boat the acting and the
storyline is BRILLIANT And the preciseness of the ship makes it even more outstanding Kate Winslet
and Leonardo Dicaprio definitely created a timeless classic that can be watched time and time again
and will never get old This movie will always continue to be a beautiful painful  tragic movie 1010
stars for this masterpieceTitanic is one of my all time favourite films Im a 24 year old guy who has
probably not cried in front of anyone since I was a kid but this movie plays on my emotions more
than almost any other We all know the ship will sink does that even qualify as a spoiler but the
buildup to this event  the smugness and over confidence assurances of it being unsinkable  tease the
audience almost to the point where youre like is it really going to sinkI thought the performances
of everyone were magnificent I cared about the characters and their lives on and beyond the ship
Taking the time to introduce everyone and weave their stories together was masterful even beyond the
main characters like Fabrizio and Murdoch the First Officer and countless more It was heartbreaking
towards the end when you see the panic gradually set in and it slowly descends into total chaos You
remember Jack telling Rose all the places hes going to take her to and you imagine their love filled
lives together The Irish mother telling her children the fairytale resigned to their fate The
violinists trying to maintain a spirit of composure amidst the carnage And the music Wow I cried for
all of this And especially right at the end when you see the photos of Roses life knowing shes
fulfilled her promise and survived living a full life probably never having met anyone she loved as
much as Jack all those years agoVisually pleasing in every way dramatic musically astounding great
acting and above all a fantastic story make this an undeniably iconic enduring film A romanticdrama
unlike any other It deserves higher than 77Good Lord This movie right here its a masterpiece I am
not exaggerating when I say this Tonight was the first time I watched this I watched some parts of
it earlier but I thought it would probably be boring and that I had better things to do Tonight I
watched the whole thing with my grandmother I was completely wrong on that This was the best movie
that Ive ever seen and probably ever will see in my entire life Me and my grandmother were both in
tears by the end of it There were two scenes which made me cry the part where the orchestra played
Nearer My God to Thee and the end when all those perished on the Titanic applaud at the kiss of Rose
and Jack This movie was absolutely amazing and I would watch it over and over againVery beautiful
and cinematic movie with lots of classic scenesAlso extremely sad at timesAbsolute 90s classicPeople
are crazy They rate Avengers so high and they rate this masterpiece low This is beyond absurd You
guys should encourage great filmmakers like this one not stupid ones like the super hero franchises
For the love of godAh yes the film that propelled Leonardi DiCapro to super stardom became the first
film to gross 1 billion and stayed on the top of the box office charts for 12 years only to be
kicked off the top by another James Cameron film AvatarIt is said Titanic is the film with the most
continuity errors of all films Despite this though the film was indeed a masterpiece The sheer scale
of the sets and entire production were simply mind blowing The sinking of the Titanic was the
greatest ship sinking scene EVER and was done with such meticulous detail that one would think they
actually really sunk the ship Off course that was not the case though as it were all very elaborate
sets most of which were destroyed during the making of the filmLeonardo made for a very likable hero
quite frankly one a lot of guys can relate to The young lovers were so different and yet so alike
and their love story was almost endearing I must admit the jumping backwards and forwards in time
was a bit unnecessary and resulted in an overlong epic They should only have told the 1912 story
Apart from that the film was thrilling exciting and fascinating in every sense of the wordEvery once
in a while the conversation will turn to favorite movies Ill mention Titanic and at least a couple
people will snicker I pay them no mind because I know that five years ago these same people were
moved to tears by that very movie And theyre too embarrassed now to admit itI just rewatched Titanic
for the first time in a long time Expecting to simply enjoy the story again I was surprised to find
that the movie has lost none of its power over these five years I cried again in all the same places
It brought me back to 1997 when I can remember how a movie that no one thought would break even
became the most popular movie of all time A movie that burst into the public consciousness like no
other movie I can recall yes even more than Star Wars And today many people wont even admit they
enjoyed it Folks lets get something straight  you dont look cool when you badmouth this film You
look like an out of touch cynicNo movie is perfect and this one has a few faults Some of the
dialogue falls flat and some of the plot surrounding the two lovers comes together a little too
neatly However none of this is so distracting that it ruins the filmLeonardo DiCaprio and Kate
Winslet are wonderful Leo is one of the fine actors of his generation Wait til you see him in Gangs
of New York before you call him nothing more than a pretty boy Kate Winslet was so strong in this
film The movie really was hers and she held it together beautifullyJames Cameron managed what many
believed was impossible by recreating a completely believable Titanic The sinking scenes were
horrific just as they were that night How anyone can say the effects were bad is beyond me I was
utterly transfixedThis film is one memorable scene after another Titanic leaving port in Southampton
Rose and Jack at the bow flying Iceberg right ahead The screws hanging unbelievably out of the ocean
The screams of the doomed after she went down And that ending that brought even the burliest man in
the theater to tearsThe music which has also been a victim of the films success was a key ingredient
James Horners score was simply perfect And the love theme was beautiful and tragic Too bad Celine
Dions pop song version had to destroy this great bit of music for so manyI confess I am a Titanic
buff As such I relished the opportunity to see the ship as we never got to see it  in all its beauty
Perhaps watching it sink affected me more than some because Ive had such an interest in the ship all
my life However I doubt many of those I saw crying were Titanic buffs I applaud Cameron for bringing
this story to the masses in a way that never demeaned the tragedy The film was made with such
humanityAnother reviewer said it better than I ever could Open up your hearts to Titanic and you
will not be disappointedBack in 1997 do I remember that year Clinton bans cloning research the
unfortunate death of Princess Diana the Marlins won the world series and a woman gave birth to
septuplets This was also the big year in the release of Titanic one of the biggest films of all time
a tale about the ship of dreams about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are torn apart by their
social class and at the height of their emotional commitment the ship meets with disaster I dont
think anybody could have expected Titanic to be as HUGE as it was the movie was bigger than life and
had millions of fans 85 of them being teenage girls I was 12 years old at the time and of course saw
the movie multiple times It was the film that made me believe that the love that Jack and Rose
shared was so real and beautiful At the time I felt that Titanic could do no wrong of course I grew
up and didnt watch the film since I was 14 a couple years ago I saw the film on DVD for 599 and
figured that it was a good price and to see what I thought about the movie now Was it worth the hype
Was it really the best movie of all time Was that Leonardos real nose OK I know thats silly to say
but I did rewatch the film Being completely honest here Titanic is a great movie it delivered in
romance humor disaster emotions and took us on this incredible maiden voyageThe film starts with
Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck of the RMS Titanic searching for a necklace set with a
valuable blue diamond called the Heart of the Ocean Unsuccessful they instead discover a drawing of
a young woman wearing the Heart of the Ocean dated the day the Titanic sank 101yearold Rose Dawson
Calvert learns of the drawing and contacts Lovett to inform him she is the woman in the drawing When
asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace Rose Calvert recalls her memories aboard the
Titanic revealing for the first time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater In 1912 the upperclass
17yearold Rose boards the ship with her controlling fianc√© Cal Hockley and her desperate for money
mother Ruth DeWitt Bukater Distraught and frustrated by her engagement Rose attempts suicide by
jumping from the stern Before she leaps a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson intervenes who
convinces her not to jump Jack and Rose strike up a tentative friendship as she thanks him for
saving her life and he shares stories of his adventures traveling and sketching their bond deepens
when they leave a firstclass formal dinner of the wealthy for a much livelier gathering of dancing
music and beer in thirdclass After revealing their love for each other and wish to leave together
when the ship docks they then witness the ships fatal collision with an iceberg and now must escape
togetherSo does Titanic live up to its hype I still say that this is a great movie to watch I think
that there were and still are quite a few haters that for some reason just want to trash the movie
because it had won a ton of awards and Leo Mania was born at the time Everyone is entitled to an
opinion but please dont let the haters bother you from watching this great movie It has great acting
amazing effects beautiful costumes outstanding sets a wellwritten story and still looks flawless
Love it or hate it you have to admit this movie didnt get a lot of hype just because of Leos baby
face or Kates amazing ability to cry on sight this film is something special Otherwise I dont think
wed still be talking about it so many years later Kate and Leo had this amazing chemistry that in my
opinion made it one of the greatest love stories of all time Despite the story not being the most
original with the rich girl loves poor boy plot I think it worked extremely well because they fit so
well together James Cameron the extreme perfectionist that he is went over time and money budgets
for Titanic but this was his baby and it paid off very well James had captured everything about
Titanic and the sinking so well He respectfully shows what terror the victims went through that
night and made sure that this wasnt just a love story but to remember those who lost their lives on
the tragic voyage He had every right in my opinion to scream Im king of the world at the Oscars
because this movie blew everyone out of the waterno pun intended you know what Im going to admit it
I love Titanic even past my teen years I absolutely adore this movie it will always hold a special
place in my heart it has too since I saw this film 8 times in the theater when it was released
Remember one thing be true to yourself dont follow the crowd lovers or haters if you go with the
hype youre always going to go crazy over a film before viewing it then if you thought the film was
just alright for some reason it comes off as the worst movie ever I do recommend Titanic its a great
one and sure to go down in the classics one day1010I am still crying as I am writing this review as
of right now I dont even know where to begin I can now see why this film was one of the highest
grossing movies of all time The blending of genres was masterfully done through the style of a
Historical RomanceDrama and a DisasterAction film The writing was absolutely superb for a 3 hour
movie I found myself completely engaged not even blinking my eye The costumes music performances
characters cinematography dialogue was so magical I cant even put words here to describe the beauty
of everything put into this movie The performances just take your breathe away Jack and Roses love
story is so full of life and heart and what true love should be even if its a battle or your not the
same class and cant be together ounce you find your soulmate thats what love is about Their
characters felt so human and that really is what puts this movie at a whole new level The camerawork
is some of the best I have ever seen in any film I dont even want to spoil how thrilling chilling
beautifully well done the Titanic sinking part of the film is because it is something you just have
to see for yourself and experience the devastating heartbreaking tragedy that occurred James Cameron
you are and will always be one of the best filmmakers to ever live and this is your ultimate
masterpieceIts 2019 and I still watch this movie sometimes and I am pretty sure that people are
gonna keep watching this movie for the next 50 years and while watching this they will still feel
that same emotion that they felt when they watched this movie for the first time This movie still in
the top 3 of the list of highest grossing movies of all time even after 22 yearsI went to see this
film with my sister and my Mum and we were the only ones in the cinema Not the best start but I
continued to watch it anyway and am so glad I did This is probably one of the most beautiful and
romantic films I have ever seen From the relationship of the two characters to their surroundings
every scene is breathtaking The Notebook tells the story of a summer romance that turns into a
romance never to be forgotten Allie and Noah are the two lead characters and they are wonderful You
immediately fall in love with the characters and you want to follow every step of their doomed love
story it is one of the greatest love stories ever told Look out for the lake scene unbelievable I
came out of the cinema wanting to go back in again and watch it all over again It feels like you are
reading a diary watching this film thats how detailed and wonderful this film is Cannot really give
too much away about the story all I can say is if you havent seen this film yet be sure to see it I
cannot think of a film more perfect for Valentines DayThis movie seems to be postcard perfect a
lesson straight out of the directors guide to romantic movies Boy meets girl at a carnival love from
the other side of the tracks a date by the water etc And yet the wonderful thing about this movie is
that it takes what seems like a story youve heard already at least in bits and pieces and still
moves you deeply It really speaks about love in a way that most romantic movies miss by speaking in
clich√© or over shoot by adding in numerous complications to dramatize things There have been other
great movies to comment on love in recent years Eternal Sunshine Lost In Translation jump to mind
but this movie fills a need that those other movies miss the need for a straight sweep you off your
feet romance Too bad there cant be movies like this every yearOften times when a movie comes from
source material such as a novel that did well the people who were fans of the book end up not liking
the movie as much Sometimes those same fans even end up hating the movie or not even giving it a
chance by seeing it Such was the case that I already knew the ending of Nicholas Sparkss novel even
before I got into the theater Let me clear up though that the best thing about the film was that I
ended up getting wrapped in the story on the screen rather than sitting there thinking to myself
what part of the story should be coming next That is what makes a great adaptation when you can get
lost in the story and forget about your thoughts or what is going on in the outside world Not only
that but the film soared past any expectations that I had for it from the start too by being very
well Directed and acted Best known for his acting credits Nick Cassavetes was tapped to direct this
film His past experience which didnt consist of very many films includes the Denzel Washington film
John Q This was not going to be an easy task for him though because the story was built on us
believing the love that the main characters of the film would be showing was real Its not as easy as
it sounds and some films like Star Wars Part 2 end up making the audience laugh rather than feel
what the characters are feeling He did a great job and helped put together a great cast for this
film that would end up including Ryan Gosling Rachel McAdams James Garner and Joan Allen All actors
who have found their niches before and were brought in to this film to help carry the story Gosling
is best known for his role as Richie one of the kids in Murder By Numbers He brings a great
innocence to the role of Noah Calhoun in the film one of the two main characters Rachel McAdams
plays the other half of the duo as Allie Hamilton She was actually one of the leads Regina George in
an earlier Summer movie Mean Girls At the heart of this film the couple represents the love story
that is being told by James Garners character He reads from a book  the story of the two lovers as
they go through everything life has to offer Gena Rowlands plays the lady that he is reading to and
she gets as wrapped up in the story as we do as he progresses from chapter to chapter in the novel
he is reading Garner was perfect for this role and shows his narrating skills as he explains how the
two of them live Meanwhile in the story Noah and Allie meet in one of the cutest scenes of the movie
He sees her at a carnival and knows right away that he wants to be with her He does not know quite
why at first and all he can say is that something inside of him is drawing him to her He convinces
her to give him a chance and she eventually agrees to give him the date that he seeks What
progresses from there is a Summer romance that goes through all of the emotions that we all have
experienced before What makes it even more real is that it is not played off as if every single
moment is perfect between the two of them It depicts that they do have fights that they do have
disagreements but that they do have a love that is stronger than any of that This is what made the
romance real for me Everyone knows that in real life we cant have a relationship where everything
works out perfectly or where everyone agrees on everything The romance blossoms but a problem exists
that could spell trouble Noah is from a one parent family and sees himself working at a lumberyard
for the better part of his life He says that he has found his place in life and this is what the
cards have planned for him Allie on the other hand come from a very welloff family and is being
brought up in a rich societal circle Her family is spending her 17th Summer in the small town by the
sea and first comes across Noah by pure coincidence The romance between them is kept under wraps for
quite a while until her parents find out The mother immediately thinks that is should end but the
father feels that it is just a summer thing that will come to an end rather quickly That is until
she is out late one night with Noah and he takes the side of his wife They see no future between
their daughter and this boy and take her away from him the first chance they get That coupled with
the outbreak of World War II keeps them apart for a couple of years and the story really gets
underway Will their love be able to endure the separation or will one of them move on to something
that is easier in their own lives The story becomes an epic of its own as its starts to split time
between the story being read and the story of Garner and Rowlands living in the present day This is
what I love about films like these as we are given the opportunity to enjoy two different stories
going on at the same time The love shown by Noah and Allie is something that envelopes us and it
makes us forget about the current story By going back and forth we are able to look forward to where
each of the two stories is going All of it leads to an ending of each story that is both very
enjoyable and very emotional at the same time As I said before sometimes a book can fail to
transition to film This is not one of those cases as the movie instead becomes its own entity Both
stories have great chemistry between the characters at the center of them It is amazing just how
well the actorsactresses in the parts play their roles and just how much we as an audience start to
care about their lives As it progresses we truly care about what will happen to the main characters
and we have in our own minds how we want things to turn out It is that type of film where we start
to become part of the story and want them to act or say something specific that truly makes a great
story Even though this is a movie that is heavily geared to lovers of romance novels this is a film
that I found very enjoyable I highly recommend seeing this film while it is in theaters or
purchasing it when it hits DVD because it has everything that is needed for a truly great love
storyThis amazing love story can be enjoyed by all The Notebook is not one of those cheesy chick
flicks that often come out it is a brilliantly written intriguing story about two young lovers that
most people can relate toEven most males will agree that this movie pulls at your heart strings
Filled with fabulous quotes and sentimental moments I found this movie to be one of the best Ive
seen I got to know both main characters and found myself relating to each of them Most of us
remember our first love and that strong connection we had with them This movie makes us think of
what could have been and gives us a fresh look at the meaning of true love I recommend this movie to
anyone with a heartI went into this movie with the misconception of thinking this was just another
typical romantic movie but I was very impressed by this film and the themes portrayed in this movie
were handled in a great wayThis movie will have you feeling happy and joyful and the scenery is just
brilliant You will feel like you are part of the characters and you will care about them throughout
the whole movieThe movie gallops in speed as we are absorbed into the great plot and brilliant
acting of all the cast involved Ryan Gosling is brilliant as the shy and quiet Noah and Rachael
McAdams is superbly beautiful as the star of the movie AllieAs I said earlier in my review I did go
into the movie not expecting much and that was because I thought it was a typical boy loves girl
movie which are sometimes just too predictable Dont get me wrong they are some good Romantic movies
that pull it off very well but there are simply too many in that particular genreThe best thing
about this movie was the depth of the plot and the actors playing their characters so well The
supporting cast were good and James Marsden deserves a mention for managing to pull of a hard role
as the rich man well Another plus point about this movie was the great script and you did not see
too many cliches which is always a good sign in a Romance movieIt does not matter whether you love
romantic movies or hate them this is NOT just a romantic movie it is so more than that By the end of
the movie you will feel a whole heap of emotions You will be talking about this movie for a long
timeThe only bad part about this movie is the length which I think could be shortened a bit but on
the whole this was a superb movie which is well worth a watchGo and Watch this Amazing movie which
will have you brimming with joy9 12 out of 10This story plays out as Duke played by James Garner
reads a story about two young people in the 1940s who fall in love and endure life The movie moves
between presentday and the 1940s It is structurally very similar to Fried Green Tomatoes which is
also one of my all time favorite moviesUnlike Fried Green Tomatoes this focuses on young love as it
grows and endures through wars and parental dissent Sure the core is the Romeo and Juilet theme but
the way is plays out and the exceptional charisma that the actors bring to the screen make it feel
fresh and not entirely predictable This is a deeply romantic movie If you are cynical at all about
romance timeless love and dedication to another person you may find yourself rolling your eyes a bit
I am not that cynical about the emotional ties that bind us and I was thoroughly taken in by the
storyThis is such a gentle movie The characters are very human and very likable All of the actors
turn in engrossing and compelling performancesTechnically this movie is exceptional too The scenes
during the opening credits is absolutely breathtaking The editing is very good The story is
compelling from the opening credits to the closing creditsMy wife and I dont always share the same
perspective on movies but we agreed on this one We both loved it immensely I am certain this will
become part of our permanent collectionThe Notebook is one of my alltime favourite movies Its a
constant and classic love story that makes you feel as if you are there watching it as if you are
one of the characters which makes the impact of the story just that much more real There really are
no words to describe how this movie makes you feel but one thing is for sure It will make you feel
After watching it ive often just sat where i am and just thought about it Its just one of those
movies that you will think about 30 years after watching it and still get that same feeling in your
heart and youll know that it touched you in one way or another If you havent seen it you really are
missing out Its a classicI am a big fan of love stories Lately the film industry has been lacking
the sort of element that I love to see in a movie The last movie I saw that made me cry as much as
The Notebook did was Ghost with Demi Moore The casting of Allie and Noah in the movie was
exceptional and made the feelings and emotions seem real After watching the movie in the theater I
noticed every person including the men cry as they left the theater Now when was the last time you
saw anything like that I bought the movie on DVD the day it came out and have been watching it
everday since that day I would highly recommend this movie to both males and femalesI hesitated to
watch this movie for almost 2 years until I got into the Netflix club and saw a little of the movie
I then couldnt wait to receive it by mail but instead I ran out to the Video store and rented it It
was only a dollar to rent but I can sure say one thing It was the best dollar that I ever spent I
never had a movie that moved me nor made me shed so many tears and as soon as my wife came in from
shoping I told her that its a must see movie and then started to tell her the who story Before you
knew it I was at the end and still crying I am one of those guys that dont easily get moved by
movies but this one got to me Dont get me wrong It was tears of joy with a little taste of sorrow
all thru outYou will love it I promiseHear me out lads i do not cry during movies okay but this one
really hit me for the last 35 minutes of the movie ive just been sobbing and the movie makes the cut
of my top 5 movies of all time easily im just sad i didnt watch it earlier i really missed out didnt
iIf I saw the movie now for the first time I know I probably will hate it but the 11 year old me was
so love struck with it Honestly no movie these days makes me this happy anymore Also I think this
one the first movie is so much cinematically pleasing I enjoy the dark blue rainy vibe  the shaky
camera a lot This movie is my guilty pleasure 10 for the nostalgia feelingsPerhaps I Have to tell
something so that people who hate this film do understand why I review like this My Dad died in 2008
when Twilight aired I watched the movie again and again And today I still watch it again and again I
always have problems when I read a book and they made a movie of it Because most of the time the
movie just sucks But not with the Twilight movies They are like the books and this without a big
budget So if you have a hard time and you need a simple but nice movie to watch to leave into
another world Please watch thisAmazing acting and great story line only problem is its fairly
longIts just a fantasy romance with a different take I liked the movie to start with and now it is a
guilty pleasure to rewatch repetitivelyI see good acting It is hard to transfer this kind of book to the movies but it really works for meThe amount of hate from some people is annoying If your not into this kind of movie fine but your
judgement is useless to those who like these moviesI say boys the Twilight Saga is way
underappreciated  I own all five filmsI didnt listen to the critics or the people that said their trash I went and watched them for myself
I saw all five films in the theaterThen I bought all five Blurays but I have not watched them theyve
been sitting in my Bluray pile for like 10 years oopsThe entire cast is made up of extremely
attractive people physically  so theirs thatI am total sap for a romantic starcrossed lovers story line and is element is the heart of the filmsThere is all kinds of delicious Gothic and romantic melodramaIve never really been a huge fan of vampires in the horror genre but its done extremely well in this
series of filmsIve always been a huge fan of the Lycanthrope and theres plenty of Werewolf actionTwilight launched
two bona fide movie stars in Kristen Stewart and Robert PattinsonNo shame straightup love The Twilight Saga I watched this movie in 2009 I guess and watched it so
many times that I even remember the dialogues scene by scene now Its an absolute favourite and will
always come back to it to escape realityI cant begin to tell you why I love the Twilight Saga Series
so much Because it appeals to a younger genre it took me a while to get interested But once I did  I
was hooked almost immediately I have all the DVDs and almost all the Sound Tracks and Scores Carter
Burwell is amazing Anyhow having lived in Seattle for nearly 9 years probably swayed me just a bit I
cant say there is tremendous acting but there is enough here and there that you start to form a
relationship with the characters I am probably an oddball but I like Kristen Stewart and have
watched her in several films I kind of wish they had cast her in Hunger Games but thats just me I
have watched all 5 Twilights now probably close to 100 times and each time I try to find something
to hate about it so that Ill stop this infatuation but I just cannot Call me oldfashioned but there
is just something about a good love story that gets me every time and for the story to include a
gawky awkward little girl falling in love with a suave and gorgeous vampire  well you got me You can
have the werewolves just dont find Taylor Lautner all that hotThis movie was perfect I am a huge fan
of the series and have been since Christmas of 2007 I have been excited to see this film since they
announced it and remember the very day that they cast Robert Pattinson as Edward In my opinion there
is nothing about the movie that could have been improved save making it a bit longer I enjoyed every
second even though I went in with the very highest of expectations As long as you dont nitpick I
heard people complaining that the Cullen house wasnt white in the film or that Emmett was batting in
baseball not fielding I am sure that people will enjoy this movie if they loved the bookAs far as
book to movie things go here are my favourites Girl with a pearl earring Devil Wears Prada The
Secret Garden Speak Harry Potter 4 and 5 and any Jane Austen storyA good book to movie translation
like these and Twilight doesnt keep every single part in the book and in the same order It keeps the
same feeling of the story the general idea that got people excited in the first placeOnly a couple
of things annoyed me the special effects were a bit over the top A couple of cringes here and there
but apart from thatI really loved this movie and I look forward to the sequel next year As New Moons
director Chris Weitz directed The golden compass I think that the special effects will be a lot more
improved with him5 StarsThe movie Twilight is a love story about Isabella Swan and Edward Cullen
Bella moves to Forks Washington to live with her dad after her mom moves to Jacksonville Florida
Once Bella is in Forks she meets Edward Cullen and discovers that he is a vampire along with the
rest of his family She tells him that she is OK with the fact that he is a vampire While playing
baseball with Edwards family one day the group of bad vampires notice that Bella is a human and
James the one bad vampire goes after her and starts to track her Bella escapes to Phoenix where she
use to live with Edwards brother Jasper and sister Alice while the rest of Edwards family tries to
distract James and get to him so he wont bother Bella James gets Bella to come to a dance studio in
Phoenix by making her believe he has her mom Edward has to try and get to Bella in time to save her
from Jasper Once Edward is there he realizes that James has bit Bella and has to decide whether or
not to let her change into a vampire or suck the venom out of her blood Bella and Edward have to
fight throughout the whole movie to make their relationship work and he has to try to not kill her I
think that this movie follows the book very well represents its genres well and has a lot of good
aspects in the film including the acting lighting and musicThe movie Twilight is classified as a
thriller and a romance I think that the movie represents both genres very well It could be
classified as a thriller because there is a lot of action and fast paced scenes within the movie I
think the very beginning quote of the movie lets you know that it is a thriller At the beginning of
the movie Bella says Id never given much though to how I would die But dying in place of someone I
love seems like a good way to go I cant bring myself to regret the decisions that brought me face to
face with death I think that this shows that it is a thriller because a lot of time thrillers have
somebody dying or one of the main characters comes very close to dying This lets the audience know
that Bella is going to come face to face with death and sets the movie up to be a thriller Also it
fits a thriller because the end of the movie kind of leaves you wondering if Bella is going to turn
into a vampire I think that it fits the genre of romance very well too because the main storyline of
the movie is the love story between Bella and Edward I think when Bella and Edward are in the woods
together and Edward says to her And so the lion fell in love with the lamb this is when their love
story starts and then we get to follow their relationship throughout the whole movie Also when Bella
says in the movie About three things I was absolutely positive First Edward was a vampire Second
there was a part of himand I didnt know how dominant that part might bethat thirsted for my blood
And third I was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him I think this quotes shows that this
is not a normal love story but that she was in love with him and would do anything to be with him
Therefore I think that Twilight fits both the genres thriller and romance because you can clearly
see how it is bothI think there were a few aspects of the movie that could have used a little
improvement I think the director did a good job picking out the most important events from the book
to put into the movie and did a good job with putting the movie all together I think that overall
the actors did a good job playing the roles of the characters I think that the actor and actress who
played Bella and Edward could have had a little more chemistry to make the film better and seem like
Bella was more caring about the relationship and not look so uninterested all the time I think that
the lighting and colors of the film did a good job a representing the plot The story took place in
Washington where it always rains a lot so the fact that it was gloomy or darker in most of the
scenes was good Also the fact that there were vampires in the movie made it seem like the scenes
should have been darker and gloomier than in just a normal romance movie In my opinion the music in
the film was very good I think the songs they choose for the film were not your ordinary real happy
upbeat song I think these songs fit the movie though because the movie overall was gloomier and
darker and I thought the music and scores fit the movie very well I also think like that they didnt
use ordinary songs because Edward and Bellas relationship wasnt ordinaryOverall I loved the movie
and have watched it over and over again I think it is a good change from all the normal love stories
where there are things stopping the people from being together like somebody else or other repeated
scenarios that keep them apart This also has a lot of action and keeps you on the edge of your seat
while watching it unlike most over romances and love stories I would recommend this to anybody who
loves romance stories or just out of the ordinary scenarios In my opinion I think it is better to
read the book before watching the movie because you get a lot more details and now what is going on
a little better in the filmAnother movie that i say i shouldve watched before Intense romantic drama
Fascinating portrait of loneliness in a postdigital world Amazingly original screenplay concept
musics especially colors and performance from Joaquin Phoenix This made me stay with myself after
the credits have finished i found myself reflecting on my own life and relationshipsThis is the best
film I have seen all year and I saw just about every good film to hit theaters in 2013 I think its
because it is so representational of what its like to be humanThere are so many things that make
this movie special but Ill just mention a few 1 The score is INCREDIBLE The music paired with the
beautiful sound design make you FEEL the movie Sure you see everything on the screen which is
already beautiful but then that music hits you and the emotions just start to run I laughed I cried
my brain got all tingly It was an emotional roller coaster and the score assisted in that so well 2
The script I knew how this movie was going to end 30 minutes in And unlike most who would then say
that its predictable and not worth watching I consider that awesome because it means that the script
is tight enough to tell a good story with a believable arc Every scene in this movie is straight up
powerful Like it will fill your heart with sadness and happiness and pain and guilt and confusion
And then rinse and repeat For 2 hours It moves through all of the most complex and interesting
questions that we should be asking ourselves about what it means to be a human being About what it
means to be alive This film is about all that life is And after the screening as well as during I
found myself questioning things in my own life that either dont make sense or dont have to make
sense Like love and thoughts and emotions Theyre all so natural and yet none of us truly understand
how they work In my opinion moreso than any other film this year Her has the perfect mix of complex
ideas story and character development One of the best scripts ever written 3 Cinematography My
personal favorite shot to see and use is the extreme close up And that shot was all over this movie
The reason I love it so much and believe it works so well is because it allows you to see the
emotions of the character so plainly Like their face is right in your face so you just have to look
at it And thats where Joaquin shines He delivers such a powerful and emotional performance and the
close ups are there to capture it all They also make great use of the natural backlighting of
Shanghai and the colors all fuse to make it a really pretty movie Id say the cinematography is on
par with Drive andor Lost in Translation in terms of the style It looks like every shot was
photographed with the intent to make it the most beautiful shot in the film And I admire the DPs
work He did a really great job More than anything though this film just made me feel Everything
about it was so beautiful I didnt want it to end I felt like the film was controlling me  playing
with my mind as if it were a joystick And thats just something you dont get every day Very rarely am
I awe stricken by a movie and this film made my jaw drop It is without a doubt the best film of the
year and upon just one viewing one of my top 5 favorite movies of all timeOkay lets get something
straight There is nothing I love more than badass exhilarating movies The Joker performing his
little pencil magic trick Indiana Jones dodging traps and swinging his liontaming whip at enemies
the bride in kill bill punching her way out of a closed coffin with her bare hands John McClane
singlehandedly annihilating an airplane in midair while exclaiming the best oneliner known to
mankind and I could go on and onHOWEVER nothing compares to the emotional rollercoaster the movie
Her took me Its nothing short of a masterpiece a unique way of describing a love story and it makes
you think of what it actually means to be humanI just didnt want it to end and even after multiple rewatches it still manages to take me off guard
and make me tear up because of how beautiful and sad at the same time it all is I cant remember any
movie being able to achieve that So yeah definitely check this one outAnd for those who are
wondering this is my third favourite movie of all timeTalk about closing with a bang Spike Jonzes
longawaited original film about a writer that falls in love with his operating system is not only
the best film to play at this years New York Film Festival it very well could be the very best film
of the year Her is the finest writing and directorial endeavor of Spike Jonzes career And then
theres the towering and crowning work of Academy Award nominee Joaquin Phoenix who proves once again
hes the finest actor working today hands down You cant find a more dynamic and compelling story
about the human connection and where were headed as a societyWhen Her opens up it snaps you
immediately into the story Phoenix plays Theodore a writer for a website that makes letters for just
about anyone As he tries to find life during the midst of his divorce from his wife Catherine played
by a beautiful Rooney Mara Theodore finds solace in a friendship with a new OS operating system
named Samantha voiced by Scarlett Johansson The two develop a relationship in a world where OSs are
becoming the norm with societyJonzes has never been the conventional director as weve seen in his
other brilliant efforts Being John Malkovich and Where the Wild Things Are Jonze sets out to tell a
story and deliver all the intricate details for us to understand each character His focus on
Theodore giving him a real sense of loneliness without falling into clich√© character ticks and beats
that weve seen countless times in other romantic films Jonze constructs a real man living in a world
where technology has taken precedent over human connectionChristopher Nolan should take notes from
Jonze on the assembling of female counterparts in a story Catherine and Theodores friend Amy played
by the always dependable Amy Adams both feel genuinely authentic Mara whos already delivered one
other powerful performance in Aint Them Bodies Saints earlier this year is finely utilized She shows
once again that shes a true professional with limited screen time many in flashbacks she can staple
herself in your memoryAmy Adams is always the sprinkle on top in all of her films As Amy the awkward
friend and neighbor who sympathizes more with Theodore more than shed like to Adams expertly
executes With four prior Oscar nominations to her credit her stunning portrayal is just another
fantastic pin to add to her credits She could find traction during the awards season if the film
hits in the right way Thats also part to the petty Oscar rules about rewarding voice performances
because if that wasnt the case Scarlett Johansson would be on stage holding an Oscar of her own next
March As Samantha Johansson has never tapped into the essence of her abilities as an actress the way
she does in Her As an OS full of wonder and curiosity Samantha is essentially a child Learning at a
rapid rate and studying the behaviors of the human mind she looks at the world through the eyes of
Theodore Johansson holds our hand in through the tale even when her voice isnt on screen This is the
type of work that could convince the Board of Governors to rethink the eligibility of an acting
performance This is a masterful work that Ill remember for years to comeAnd then theres Joaquin
Phoenixoh Mr Phoenix Fresh off his historic performance in Paul Thomas Andersons The Master just a
year ago I didnt think he could impress me so soon and yet here we are His sensitive and perceptive
take on the role is what films are all about Its one of the best things that 2013 has offered and a
performance that could land him his first Oscar I think Phoenix himself was impressed with the work
he and his colleagues have accomplished At the press conference he actually gave an answer to one of
the questions from the audience If anyone was in attendance at the conference for James Grays The
Immigrant  a prickly disengaged Phoenix put on his sunglasses and put the microphone on the floor
This is a performance that you can identify with Hes not simply awkward for the sake of being he has
baggage and connection issues Theres sincerity in his words and mannerisms A getaway in a cabin
alone but with Samantha encapsulates everything about Theodore Phoenix achieves the impossible and
is an instant Oscar contenderBut Her isnt just about the writing and performances its an all around
technical marvel Most notably the Production Design of KK Barrett who has worked on Where the Wild
Things Are Our story takes place in a futuristic though never said how far ahead Los Angeles and
with shooting overseas Barrett captures the clout of the city and its inside counterparts
Cinematographer Hoyte Van Hoytemas use of colors and smooth palettes are things of a dream
Affectionately snuggling up to Phoenix as he whispers the sweetness of words to Samantha or the
sweetness of a new letter at work Hoytema has quickly become one of my favorite DPs especially
following Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy and Let the Right One In Arcade Fire and Karen O are simply
magic in their music that accompanies our story about love A modern yet classical composition that
in key scenes could move you to tearsHer is one of the best love stories Ive witnessed in some time
Charlie Kaufman will always have the honor of penning my favorite love story of alltime Eternal
Sunshine of the Spotless Mind but Spike Jonze and Her are giving it a true run for the money at the
moment Warner Bros must know what they have with a limited release in late November thisRead More
httpwwwawardscircuitcomI saw Her this weekend and its my favorite movie of the year Everything about
it was fantastic the acting the directing the writing It couldve easily been a clich√©d look at
technology or the future but its fundamentally a very human story about evolution Its about having
to deal with unfulfillment and things like divorce and loneliness but its also undercut with hope
whether it be through Theos relationships with Samantha Johansson and Amy Adams or even the
stylistic touches like having Theos red clothes set against a muted Los Angeles background There are
parallels drawn between all the characters journeys without it feeling contrived and even Theos
jobwriting letters for other peoplerepresents his relationship with his OS on the surface they may
seem like just letters or just a computer but theyre outlets for his emotions and desiresOh and
everyone in the cast is phenomenal its a shame Johansson is ineligible for an award BS Shes
fantastic and this is an even tougher role to pull offThis is a story about life and its
perfectAFull review httppolarbearstvcom20131230herreviewThough director Spike Jonze collaborated
with Charlie Kaufman on Being John Malkovich and Adaptation the latter didnt have a hand in Jonzes
assured moving fourth feature but his spiritfiendishly inventive casually postmodern selflacerating
fearless funny and ultimately deeply sadpervades the film With Her Jonze beautifully realizes a
future Los Angeles where a lovesick man Joaquin Phoenix in the midst of a devastating divorce is so
desperate for intimacy that he falls hopelessly in love with an artificially intelligent operating
system voiced by Scarlett Johansson Jonzes screenplay acknowledges the innate absurdity of the films
premise while spinning it into an elegant heartbreaking depiction of human loneliness and the innate
need for connection For the setting Jonze plugged into the current eras technological mania to say
something timeless and profound about love loss and evolving desirePhoenix and Johansson are in top
form while Jonzes unique direction counterweights hilarity with echoing loneliness The production
design of the film is an incredible mix of hipster chic and technology dependent futuristic engaging
the viewer with a warm visual glow throughoutIn Her Theodore falls in love with an operating system
seeking to fill the empty space a failed relationship left As simple as it sounds watching this
movie you will explore feelings like loneliness self discovery without it being too cheesy or hard
to watchThis movie is written in a beautiful way Common things like casual conversations and
peaceful walks make this movie feel down to earth and human even though is set in a futuristic world
I also love how the future this movie sets in is not full of neon lights and cyberpunk stuff but
minimalistic buildings and technology that enhances todays lifeTalking about minimalism I would
consider this movie minimalistic From the camera work to the characters involved in the plot this
movie looks tidy and clean and focus on the plot without bringing too much filler to it Its worth
mentioning that despite its minimalism you wont get bored as the plot its a rollercoaster of
emotions that will keep you glued to the screen till the endLastly I would say that Joaquin Phoenix
acting makes Theodore much more relatable and Scarlett Johanssons voice is able to bring a human
touch to one of the most synthetic think I could think ofHer is a beautiful movie and I think a
mustwatchI recently watched Her for the 3rd time I really like this movie Its the kind of movie
which goes beyond just watching it It generates thoughts and feelings which last awhile It has a
fabulous aftertaste in a manner of speaking I want to savor it for a time after each viewing Even
the seemingly off putting letter writing as a business thing acts as a kind of commentary Overall I
found the script and acting almost musical Speaking of music I thought that they did a really good
job with matching the soundtrack to the events in the movieI am in love with this film and it is a
highlight in Joaquin Phoenix  Amy Adams careersOne word sums up this film Perfection Thats it really
I saw this film in 1987 when it was released and was completely blown away and like Baby I fell in
love with Johnny and Patrick Swayze It has such classic lines as I carried a watermelon and Nobody
puts Baby in the corner and too many others to mention I loved the story the characters the setting
the dancing and well ¬Ö the music was phenomenal not one bad song in the whole soundtrack It just
shows that you dont have to spend a fortune to make a great film Thank you to the cast and crew for
making such a wonderful film which makes me smile like a Cheshire cat whenever I watch itThis is one
of those rare rare films that needs a 30 year break between the time of production and the time of
the review in order to appreciate itSince 1987 I have seen this film 7 or 8 times Each time it just
gets better As a Prolific Review here on the IMDb I can count on the fingers of one hand the number
of films that improve with age like thatThis is literally the original feel good dance film  which
spawned dozens if not hundreds of imitations The script is perfect The acting is perfect The casting
is perfect The direction is perfect And the music score is to die forNobody puts Baby in a corner
Well nobody should ignore this film either Also has an odd note of the one hit wonder label about it
which in my view only makes it more of a treat than it already isSwayzes career was unfortunately
cut short Jennifer Grey who practically made this role a part of her DNA had a nose job and the
cynics say lost a lot of later roles because the casting directors were afraid no one would
recognize her And the brilliant writerProducer Elenor Bergstein for whom this was a labor of love
there was a documentary on this also seemed to hang up her spurs when production wrappedThe IMDb
rating is a joke This is no less a classic in its genre than Maltese Falcon or the MatrixSee it rent
it buy it But dont forget itI dont really know what it is about Dirty Dancing there is some sort of
absolute magic in this movie I cannot possibly recount the hundreds yes hundredsof times Ive watched
it beginning to end but every time I do come upon it on TV I am entranced and mystified and sit
myself down and there I am for two hours loving the movie as if Im watching it for the first time
Although Patrick Swayze and Jennifer Grey absolutely hated each other throughout the making of this
film they possess a beautiful chemistry on the set it makes the viewer enjoy it that much more to
see this passion and commitment and I cant help tearing up a tiny bit at the end when Patrick comes
up to the Houseman family and tells her dad Nobody puts Baby in a corner classic moment For all
those people who believe this movie is corny and sappy maybe in a way it is but it was the penicle
of the 80s films and put Patrick Swayze right on the map his performance was immaculate Three Cheers
for Dirty Dancing Ps The soundtrack is fantastic an absolute masterpieceThis movie has stood the
test of time Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze make movie magic with the sultry dance moves The
choreography and the music make this a ride you will not want to get off of Now considered a cult
classic it has spawned a television series Broadway production and most recently a remake that was
horrific Fantastic piece of celluloid history that ought to be revisited every now and againIm
Maleand yes i am straight but this doesnt stop making this film one of my all time favourite filmsIm
also convinced im not alone I know for a fact there are blokes out there that either admittedly or
secretly enjoy watching and love this classic film Not just EnglishBritish menbut men world wide and
rightly sonearly 18 years on and this film is STILL watched and enjoyed world wide and people are
still able to relate to itI know all the words ive seen it that many timesMost of my dance moves i
use for workare taken from this filmTheres so much energyIn fact it is my firm belief if people were
brought up thinking watching these types of films are deemed as cool and OK to watch the world would
be a slightly better place to liveAn enjoyable film that doesnt make you want to go out into the
world and cause havoc and heartachedo drugs or get into gun crime coz its classed as being coolthis
films makes you want to find a girlthat you can love and feel that special feeling felt in this
filmIt also makes you want to go out and enjoy yourself by simply DancingIts freeLegal and makes you
feel goodwhile keeping you fit and healthynot forgetting FUN In my opinion the films main two themes
are LOVE the true love story between Baby and Johnny Jennifer Gray and Mr Swayze compared to Babys
sisters relationshipwhere she was just used for sex plus classic Music Yes music The type you can
really dance to Every song on the soundtrack is fantastic In true cheesy Dj style i still play all
the old classics from the soundtrack especially Time of my lifeand is still goes down a treat every
single time You just cant stop yourself Anywayeveryone has wrote hundreds of reviews and has pretty
much summed up this film and explained the storyall thats left to say isIf you havent seen this film
yetgo treat yourself buy the DVD you can get if for an average of 5 or less British pounds Roughly 9
American Dollars i thinkIts well worth it and highly recommendedIf you enjoy the filmplease go out
and buy one of the Dirty Dancing soundtracks especially the Ultimate Dirty Dancing released in the
UK 2004 in celebration of the films anniversary as it contains all of the songs and is digitally
remastered I got my second personal copy from the British supermarket Tescos for an amazing 6 For
anyone Up North try Music Zone as its only 6 in there tooAnywaycheers for taking the time to read
thisim sorry i went on a bit If your planning on seeing this film for the first timeenjoy And as
everyone else has saidvery cheesily Try and have THE TIME OF YOUR LIFEI will go as far to say 1010
Highly enjoyablewith lots of energy Makes yo wanna move like Swayze and GrayThis timeless summer
love story is a classic and will never be dated I cant even count how many times Ive seen Dirty
Dancing This is one movie that I could probably watch every few weeks and still loveThere is
something timeless about this movie I have loved other blockbuster love story movies like Pretty
Woman and when Harry met Sally I think their up there but there is something about Dirty Dancing
that just makes it absolutely perfect The characters the chemistry between Swaze and Grey the movies
direction the INCREDIBLE dancing the warm summery atmosphere everything about dirty dancing is
absolutely perfect It is an instant classic and Ive never really seen a movie like it either before
or sinceI dont think there is one particular element that makes this movie so loved but many things
a lot of which are mentioned by numerous reviewers Dirty Dancing has a nostalgic languid summery
mood realistic characters a relateable honest message coupled with incredible music and dancing and
the one of the best dance sequences cinema has ever given us This movie is always on TV and I will
continue to watch it as long as they show it But I WILL mention I have no interest in seeing Havanna
Nights this one they should have left aloneI have been waiting to see this film for ages and I
finally have As soon as I heard the title I knew that this film would be my favourite film ever and
when I saw it believe me I wasnt disappointedThis film had everything dance love and Patrick Swayze
There was so much in it and it dealt with important issues that were at the time 1960s  such as
abortionThe dancing in this film was fantastic just like the acting was Swayze was brilliant just
like Grey was tooAlthough this film was absolutely fantastic you cannot say that you have seen it if
you havent seen the last scene It really does take your breath away as the whole choreography of the
last dance was done brilliantly it had you dancing at the end of the film and it really wouldnt
surprise me if it influenced people to take up dancingOverall Dirty Dancing is a film NOT to be
missed and even if half the actors are in the Where are they now period the actors will always have
this superb film in their careerAs a person in an intellectual field stating that my favourite movie
is Dirty Dancing does not come with kind looks  I however have never been more mesmerized and taken
by a movie before or after this one  Everything is perfectly placed and the subtle details entwined
in the major scenes are excellent I will always consider the car scene after Baby and Johnnys dance
at the Sheldrick to be one of the most masterful cinematic scenes in film historyBut alas all Dirty
Dancing fans know that the only reason they watch the movie is for the last scene Everything
building up to it is necessary and consequently moving    but that scene leaves me breathless and
goosebumped to this dayDo not avoid this movie because it is seemingly a superficial teenage romance
It is not on the contrary it is a beautiful picture about life hardships and of course loveI viewed
this movie for the first time last night and I enjoyed every aspect of it the dancing the acting the
dialogue the plot the script and the whole atmosphere that this movie created I would highly
recommend itJennifer Grey gives an absolutely wonderful and first class performance in her role as
Frances Baby Houseman She has a natural ability and flair for dancing and she is beautiful and
enchanting on the dance floor But what is wonderful about Baby is that she has such a wonderful
depth and dimension to her character This is not simply a movie about dancing but the scriptwriters
have also given us a chance to see Baby deal with the various emotions and feelings that she is
experiencing throughout the movie and to allow us an insight into how her interaction with others at
the camp changes her life Grey portrays her character with such realism and poignancy that you end
up feeling deeply for Baby as she experiences all she does in this moviePatrick Swayze is
magnificent in his role as Johnny and truly succeeds in making his character come alive He gives his
character a comprehensive personality strong appeal and great depth The chemistry between Swayze and
Grey is enchanting and powerful and contributes significantly to the great success of this movie
Cynthia Rhodes is great in her role of Penny and her portrayal of the ordeal that she experiences is
truly powerful and contributes a frightening dimension to the film The other members of the
supporting cast Jerry Orbach and the late Mark Cantor deserve a special mention herealso give
wonderful and imaginative performances that gives this movie an additional dimension of high quality
acting and believability that is wonderful to experience The dancing is magnificent and first class
on the part of all involved The script and interaction between all the major characters is
intriguing and engages the viewer in a powerful fashion The plot although exceedingly predictable is
given more than enough life and vitality to make this movie successful Furthermore the wonderful
selection of music contained in this movie creates a truly magical atmosphere and very nostalgic
environment that enhances the quality and success of all the various scenesDirty Dancing is a truly
powerful magnificent and very appealing movie that leaves you deeply touched and with a wonderful
feeling in your heart and soul and an inspiration to dance I highly recommend itThis is the best
movie ever but that is my opinion Some say its cheesy but I think it is truly a beautiful film The
chemistry between Jennifer Grey and Patrick Swayze its like no other I have ever seen and that is
what makes the film so perfect I always wonder what would have been of this film if these two actors
never existed because not just one them did it for me they both did If you have never seen this film
when you do you will understand what I mean Dirty Dancing looks like it was done from the heart and
it feels so real for some reason like magic and the soundtrack LOVE IT Besides the 2 lead actors the
soundtrack makes the film the beauty that it is As you can tell I am in love with this film and I
know you will be tooYour Name is just a good movie This movie felt long but not too long All the way
through I was asking what would happen next It was clever emotional and left me crying after the
movie The twist was done really well and I almost wanted to pause the movie Also the animation is
gorgeous You get to see detailed images from many angles and perspectives and there were hundreds of
animators The credits didnt start out with the cast like it usually would The first thing you saw
after a black screen was hundreds of names of animators and designers I watched this movie again and
I still felt my muscles ready to let tears out I would not recommend this movie any less than the
next guy so what are you waiting for Get a couple of friends and watch Your NameBuy two copies of
this DVD but never ever even bother with the coming American remakeDo you think the Hollywood system
will allow a woman to be pretty and love her body and keep any fan serviceNot a chanceWho needs remakes of perfection anywayKimi no Nawa is up there with the quality of work
Studio Ghibli makes Its a journey in a world breathing with atmosphere mystery and visual wonder A
journey about growth and resilience in the face of overwhelming odds A journey about human emotion
that transcends space and time as we watch our two protagonists struggle relentlessly against fate A
journey that might just be one of the most captivating anime movie experiences Ive had in years
Director Makoto Shinkais artistry is something people tend to love or hate but this film is solid
proof to all of his disdainful critics that his movies were never just eye candy They explore the
nature of life and relationships in quiet ways rarely seen or discussed which is why most of them
are not fastpaced or action packedand why they are so beautiful But even if youre not a fan of this
kind of style with its major use of metaphorical imagery and mixture of subtle and explosive
emotions definitely give Kimi no Nawa a chance This is by far his most ambitious original movie in
many ways For instance theres an actual mystical element to the story apart from his previous films
that are set purely on realism The pacing is a lot faster and intense Theres a surprising amount of
humor in the script making the chemistry between the characters more lighthearted and comically
entertaining than expected All of this is done through a narrative vision so emotional so
brilliantly realized that Im pretty sure everyone at the Anime Expo world premiere screening was
tearing up including me Without spoiling what mainly drives this films story is the dynamics of our
main characters relationship The way these two interact is just so unique and lovable The premise
itself allows them to bond on a more personal level far more intriguing than the usual teenage love
story where boy meets girl boy likes girl boy gets girl Eventually you become so invested in their
strange relationship that when all the action goes down its no longer just suspenseful  its almost
heartbreaking Editing and sound design play a HUGE role in this immersion Theres rarely a single
dull moment because of how gripping and emotionally driven the timing of every cut is The sound
design combined with a beautiful music score is outstanding  subtle and moving when creating
atmosphere powerful at times of dramatic conflict In fact the same can be said for pretty much all
of the visual aesthetics  which if I havent already mentioned are amazing This is a prime example of
astonishingly jawdropping animation combined with powerful storytellingKimi no Nawa is not just any
anime movie It has the potential to be viewed and studied as art cinema Its so beautifully crafted
and meticulously detailed I feel like I didnt even cover 80 of its greatness in this review To do
that I would have to make a spoiler analysis review and to do that I would probably have to see the
movie again maybe a couple more times before I can fully appreciate this nearly flawless masterpiece
I know I sound like Im fanboying but as a film student and anime fan for many years Im being fully
honest here  if Director Makoto Shinkai keeps this kind of quality up he is going to be an even
bigger name in the anime industry for years to come Remember Your Name long enough until its
available in your country if youre not seeing it in Japan theaters Because trust me youre not going
to forget it 1010I went in to see Kimi no Na ha without knowing anything about the movie I had
simply been intrigued by the movie poster with the comet as a background to two high school students
living in wildly different environments  and the excellent reviews on its Friday release convinced
me to see it just the day afterNot knowing anything about the movie made me relish every single
moment of it The two main characters would it seems never have the occasion to meet each other but
through a mysterious circumstance are led to share some of their waking hours with each other At
first the movie struck a compelling funny and nostalgic view at high school life in Japan love
friendship puberty teenage angst and some elements of mysticism It felt like a very fresh and
charming sentimental love comedy with a dash of depth and teenage angst And it already utterly
captured me at that pointYet midway the movie veers resolutely into dramatic and more mystical
territory while managing to keep the lighthearted tone it had reached during the first half at just
the right moments Together with one of the main characters I was shocked and powerless upon learning
of one aspect that had eluded both protagonists as well as the audience At the same time a trope
often used in sciencefiction got thrown into the mix and the stakes suddenly get much higher making
me look back to the first half of the movie and thinking wwwooooowww I get it now while following
the paths of the protagonists which just like the Kumi Himo thread making that Miyamizu Shrine makes
represent time itself Meeting diverging tangling getting cut doubling back The second half of the
film is a perfect adventure full of suspense humor hope and yes tears And at some points it gets
close to tragedy one scene in a train left a huge lump in my throat In some respect it reminded me
of Spirited Away my long time favorite animation movie in which both main characters grow thanks to
the other and whose paths had crossed and would cross again beyond memory or realitySaying more
would spoil the movie so I have been very very vague Suffice it to say the movie made me laugh cry
get the goosebumps and got me to the edge of my seat at some points It really had great storytelling
pacing characters and emotions throughout I loved itThe visuals were also gorgeous Absolutely
gorgeous Tokyo is more real than the real Tokyo and the director animators background artists and
computer artists seem to have devilish fun playing with lighting and getting some of the most
beautiful scenes and moments I can recall in an animation movieI should mention the music as well
which was very very good I know RADWIMPS I went to see them live a couple of years back but was
surprised at the tone they achieved and how well it fit with the movie  the music along with the
visuals really help in getting a full immersion into the storyHowever some of the most hilarious
jokes in the movie seem to be untranslatable to English  in particular the dialects of the main
characters as well as a specific moment that makes use of several of the ways that Japanese people
use to refer to themselves depending on context and sex watashi watakushi boku ore So Im looking
forward to seeing how those scenes will be handled in the translationI have since seen the movie one
more time bought the OST and bought and read the novelization which is almost like the movie but
does give more insight into each characters thoughts and thought processes Highly recommendedIn
truth the most competitive area of fiction is not invasions from outer space or talking dogs or
impossible missions but rather the most basic narrative of all the love storyAnd this is also the
most overcrowded field and the most difficult to do rightThis film this story is extraordinary It
reminds me of MY SASSY GIRL a love story from Asia that captured the imagination of the world and
has almost become a franchise its been copied so many timesIt also brings to mind Richard Mathesons
classic BID TIME RETURN another love story for the ages that uses time juxtaposition Done as the
movie SOMEWHERE IN TIME 1980I already gave this the highest rating on the IMDbThe animation is
stunning and complimentary to this oneofakind taleAll things considered I would like to avoid the
ongoing arguments about which Japanese animation studio is better or worse than the other I prefer
to simply be grateful that Japanese anime exists at all because I cannot imagine any other country
producing something this moving this powerful in graphic formThe main character is pretty and
slender The colleague at work for the boy is also pretty and slender They are interesting and
attractive charactersWatch this again and againSo the movie is named Your name and its a perfect title it doesnt reveal
anything about the content and yet it caught my interest I tend to watch animated movies because
they have so much more to offer at the same time it is a tougher competitionThe story line is really
good why Well it you are open minded it will be pretty easy to follow and accept what is going on
question about how and why get answered by themselves if you believe it is possible Regarding the
animation it give you what your mainstream point of view of Japans architecture nature culture and
society all from how they dress to the body language etc The music sound effects and voice
actoractress amplifies the emotions and guides you from start till end There are plenty of a
messages and it makes me thing about me and everything living around me where I come from and where
I am going Regarding the character development its spot on no more information was needed then what
was provided we are limited but at the same time free to make our own thoughtI wish to say thank you
to everyone who have supported andor worked with this piece of art they should feel really proud of
themselves it is an honor that you shared it with us the viewers Thank youAbsolutely fantastic
Recommended for everyoneJust watch itAmazing characters scenery city life and town life story
Everything is just wow So fine The suspension the empathy the scenes The thoughts Its playful and
pleasant but serious and funny at the same time It makes you want to feel it and live it while you
just keep cheering for everythingThis 15 hours was one of the most well spent time in my life It was
so good that I actually sit down and wondered why we cant we live like that Why cant we be in that
village In that anime TokyoEvery minute is a time wellspent Its a time SO well spent that I was
afraid when its going to end I literally just realized that this would be the end of an anime Than
this would be the end of an hour long movieI was so afraid when its going to end It borough such a
beautiful and marvelous utopia before my eyes with all its mistakes conflicts That I actually wanted
to live there I actually realized however that Im not good of a person to be worthy of such
utopiaHowever it is very close to reality Every time something out of order happens you remember
This is a certain reality People can die be ashamed punished Everything can end in a tragedy But
when something wrong happens nobody really cares and I was like Why Why arent you moving Are you not
afraid for your lives Than I remembered this is a certain utopia Even for the people who live in it
Nothing bad happen to them nothing really could They are peaceful good people in a modern world
Nothing bad happened in the last 3 generation why would anything happen nowThis movie gave me a new
set of feelings viewpoints happiness thoughts and desires I might have lacked or just not realized
before Im really glad I watched it It was a piece from my dreamsI have followed Makoto Shinkais
older works and most of them really have a bad ending though still good but this movies sweet He
really know how to play with our emotion especially for his works fans who have followed his works
im hoping its not a bad ending during the entire movieBut man this work is a true masterpiece When i
looked at Makotos older works I suddenly think he had the potential to beat Miyazakis spirited away
and there he goes Im not saying this is better than spirited away they had a different genre and
makoto had his own stunning styleHow this piece of animation would turn my emotion really hard Even
Spirited Away When Marnie was There and 5cm per second cant do that This is a movie that you must
watch before you die reallyYour Name is not just one of the best animes in recent years and there
have been some very good ones but one of the best animes ever from personal opinionWill go even
further saying its one of the best animated films in recent years one of the best animated or
otherwise films of the year and that it rivals the masterworks of Miyazaki This is a huge compliment
for any anime animated film or even any film and a bold claim that still stands Much of it is to do
with how Your Names stayed with me and the impact its had a film once seen but never forgottenThe
animation in Your Name is stunning so beautifully and intricately drawn with immaculate attention to
detail in the backgrounds and a simply breathtaking array of ethereal but also atmospheric colours
The music fits the films atmosphere with no problem at all and also works wonders as a soundtrack on
its own serving superbly as music on its ownMeanwhile the script is thoughtprovoking and touching
with much to say and explored expertly and neatly with no heavyhandedness The storytelling engages
throughout sucks one into its world and never lets go of the immersing and is enormously heartfelt
really investing in the characters chemistry and their love for each other Pacing is deliberate but
never drags due to the emotional impact and how well realised the characters are even when
noticeably slower in the second halfCharacters and the films themes are brilliantly written and
developed and the voice acting is emotive and fit the characters with no qualmsIn summary a truly
magnificent film all round that will be remembered for years to come Deserves all the raves its
gotten and deserving of even more 1010 Bethany CoxI like but dont love musicals  my DVD shelves
contain a selection but the stuff there is pretty obvious Singing in the Rain King and I Wizard of
Oz Moulin Rouge etc Im not a Meryl Streep fan  I admire her craft but mostly havent liked the parts
shes played Conversely Ive always liked Abbas music So thats my starting point when considering this
movie which I have just been to see with my 80year old motherThe story is a piece of fluff Sophie
who lives with her mother in a dilapidated hotel on an idyllic Greek island wants nothing more than
for her father to be at her forthcoming wedding The trouble is her father could be any one of three
men with whom her mother dot dot dotted twenty years ago So Sophie invites all three of them to her
wedding and as expected complications ensue The story such as it is is quite strong enough to enable
the songs to be hooked onto it And the songs with one or two obvious exceptions Money Money Money
cued by the rundown state of the hotel are very cannily worked into the story so that each one is
relevantThe film looks great The Greek locations overflow with sun and primary colours The script is
mostly fairly deft and there is a sprinkling of decent laughsBut the film ultimately stands or falls
and it stands believe me  on two things the music and the castThe music  sitting through this film
brings home the strength of the Abba catalogue There isnt a weak song among the two dozen which
feature on the soundtrack The music produced by composer Benny Andersson mostly wisely sticks very
close to the original arrangements and the occasional divergences Greek bouzouki on I Had A Dream
for instance are spot onAnd the cast  well they deliver Brosnans singing has been criticised but he
is always in tune and he delivers a satisfactory vocal performance rather than dazzling with a
polished singing technique which he hasnt got The four leading women are all wonderful Julie Walters
and Christine Baranski as Meryl Streeps two oldest friends are both very funny Julie Walters has a
particularly funny little bit of business in a rubber boat and Baranski has her own knockout number
Amanda Seyfried as Sophie is simply delightful  she sings well carries the plot and all the emotion
which goes with it and is very easy on the eye And Meryl Streep is a revelationThis film is an
utterly joyous experience My old Mum and I came out of the cinema buoyed up by the experience of
watching it and I cannot recommend it highly enough to anyone who enjoys musicals andor Abbas musicI
saw this film at the screening on Sunday and was not too sure of what to expect from it I hadnt seen
the west end show so was not really aware of the story line but that really did not matterAs soon as
the first song started I was loving it The actors may not be that great at singing but does it
matter They are actors after all and this is not the west end The actors play the parts really well
and make fun of themselves at the same time The story line is fun and has laughs for all ages Julie
Waters is her fantastic self in it and Meryl Streep plays the mother really well The dance scenes
are great and well put together Loads of people in the cinema were singing and dancing in their
seats so just enjoy it and have some laughs for a few hoursIf you take it for what it is a fun laugh
out loud film with good actors and fantastic songs then you will enjoy this film so muchI suspect
that this will be a summer box office hit Enjoy it and have fun  you may need your tissues though as
Im pretty sure some of you will be crying with laughter at some of the scenesI didnt know what to
expect when going into watch Mamma Mia was this gonna be another Hairspray or Across the Universe or
Rent This was a lighthearted quite enjoyable movie of its own style Meryl Strep blew the entire
audience away with her comedic persona in this movie After seeing her in Devil Wears Prada you are
shaken momentarily after seeing her climb on top a roof singing Mamma Mia and swoon and the dance
teenage giddy girl dance Youll love this movie for trio of older woman characters they were all so
funny Mr James Bonds character and singing was such a hilarious delight for the audience we couldnt
believe this was the man who played a top secret spy agentWith just the right amount of eccentricity
heart and get out of those movie chairs and DANCE IN THE AISLE ABBA music youll never want this
adventure to endAfter watching the Mamma Mia musical in London I was thrilled to hear about the
movie coming out Meryl Streep in a musical seemed like just one reason to watch it Well I must say
It was a lot more than what I expected The beautiful scenery the cast and the songs A good mix of
tears laughter and love that will make you feel like youre a part of the gang and enjoy every bit of
this movie Not one of the cast members let me down It really is a feelgood movie and it made me want
to stand up and sing a long The ABBA songs are made for dancing and in this movie it reassured me
The singing and the dancing put smiles on peoples faces and it makes you feel happy and as if all
worries are gone I certainly smiled during the entire movie The cast members were all wonderful
singers and especially the two lead actresses Meryl Streep and Amanda Seyfried impressed me A
wellmade movie that is worth watching more than onceI have a confession to make that could land me
in serious trouble here I love this movie with a love bordering on the unnatural Of course I hear
you saying that can only mean one thing youre a gay man of a certain age and if you havent come out
of the closet already youre coming out now and wearing sequins at the same time No straight man I
hear you say could love this movie with this kind of unbridled passion so if you have aspirations to
being a 100 redblooded heterosexual male is there such a thing then keep any fondness for Mama Mia
to yourself you will automatically be suspect Of course I could just as easily be a teenage girl its
a chick flick after all and be in equally serious difficulties with my peers for loving Mama Mia
would then mean I had already turned into my mother for this is a chick flick for the older chick
and no mistakeI had avoided it on stage I have never been a fan of jukebox musicals where a plot is
conjured up around a set of songs by a wellknown group or artist And my undiminished love of Abba
there Im out of the closet  happy now made me shy away from rather than run to a show where their
greatest hits were sung karaokestyle by others But something drew me to the movie Perhaps it was
Meryl if Meryl liked it it cant be that bad I kept saying to myself Perhaps it was the locations it
all takes place on a very travelogue Greek isle Perhaps ultimately it was the songs who isnt a
dancing queen after all Nevertheless going to Mama Mia the movie was still like dipping my toe in
the water before deciding if I wanted to do a full length of the pool The last thing I expected was
to fall head over heels to turn into a blubbering mess to turn into the oldest dancing queen on the
block and into my mother all at the same time Mama Mia is a guilty pleasure no selfrespecting
cineaste should ever admit to even liking this movie never mind loving it but as guilty pleasures go
this is the best junk meal you are ever likely to haveIts director Phyllida Law did it on the stage
so at least she is familiar with the material but she is new to movies and after the mess Susan
Stroman made of The Producers I didnt really expect anything but while The Producers was stageyand
not in an appealing way Mama Mia is genuinely cinematic Lloyds idea of filmmaking may be to let her
camera roam all over the place she seems to have an MTV mentality but she also knows how to build a
production number This is a fullyfledged musical of the old school And now I am beginning to see the
light Its OK guys you can admit to liking Mama Mia without worrying too much about revealing your
sexuality Straight men are allowed to like musicals too arent they Then of course there are those
songs the ones we grew up loving I read somewhere that Abba didnt write great songs because noone
covered them unlike say Lennon and McCartney that what made Abbas songs great was the Abba sound
There may be something in that the Abba sound produced some of the greatest pop ever Arguably the
songs that Abba and by Abba I mean Bjorn Ulvaeus and Benny Andersson wrote and recorded are the
greatest pop songs weve been given So how do they work coming from the mouths of people who
effectively arent singers Ok Meryl we all know you can sing and act and probably split the atom at
the same time and the girl who plays her daughter Amanda Seyfried sounds very pleasant to the ear
Well the answer is bloody marvelous Most of these songs sound as if they were written for the film
and not the other way round in other words they fit the plot in the way that songs in a good musical
should and they are good enough to stand on their ownThese are Broadway showtunes and they arent
wholly reliant on the Abba sound So what if Julie Walters and Stellan Skarsgard croak their way
through Take a Chance on Me by the time they get around to it I would have taken a chance on anyone
So Pierce Brosnan cant sing Neither can Tom Waits or Leonard Cohen and yet we love them to bits
Actually Brosnan can just about manage to hold a tune and he makes a fairer fist of it than Lee
Marvin or Clint Eastwood did in Paint your Wagon And Meryl of course is wonderful Our greatest
living actress is having fun here This is her first fullyfledged musical I just wondered what took
her so long her rendition of The Winner takes it All is one of the great solo performances in any
musicalBut does any of this justify my overwhelming and totally inexplicable passion Probably not
which is why it is inexplicable Its not a great movie although it could just be a great musical it
often feels like a bunch of friends best ever holiday video where they keep bursting into song with
fully orchestrated backing and it gives a totally new meaning to the term Greek Chorous So obviously
I am a middleaged gay man with a full wardrobe of seventies gear I certainly havent turned into my
mother I mean what other explanation can there be Oh Ive just thought of one It is a great movie
musical and its a terrific way to spend an evening So I can now safely go back into my closet if I
can find room among all the sequins and seventies gearI have to admit that I was neither a fan of
ABBA or of the musical show on which this movie was based upon and didnt attend it when it was shown
in my town But I went to the movie excited about three things a very good trailer recommendations
from all my friends and most importantly the presence of Myrel Streep and Colin Firth two of my very
favorite actorsSo let me put it that way Mamma Mia is one of the most entertaining pieces of cinema
that I have seen in a long long time Yes it doesnt have the gorgeous stylization of Moulin Rouge or
the raunchiness of Chicago but in its own way its just amazing The simple presentation is backed up
by a fantastic cast a heartwarming story about love and the meaning of family and a bunch of
beautiful songs Watching this film was one of the most beautiful moviegoing experiences I had I saw
it 3 times in packed theatres where audiences were quiet when they needed to be and active and
responsive otherwise In those three times the first Dancing Queen number got wild applause by the
minute it was over a proof of the entertainment value of the film And near the end when Donna looks
at the screen and asks why everyone is still there while the credits are rolling she says do you
want one more song and the entire audience would scream YEAH This is a firstrate crowd pleaser a
film that takes you into its world until you feel you are part of it What an achievementTo some
cynics the story involving a 20yearold girl inviting three of her mothers old flames suspecting one
of them would be her father is just an excuse to build a movie around Abbas songs But whats wrong
with that The story is sweet and simple the characters colorful and lovable and the musical numbers
are breathtaking without even trying to be anything spectacular The cast are all excellent starting
with the adorable Amanda Seyfried playing an energetic practical girl torn between her love to her
boyfriend her sense of obligation towards her hardworking mother and her sense of incompletion
because she doesnt know who her father is A complex role presented in an airy method and played to
perfection by the young actress Julie Walters and Christine Baranski add comic genius to the
equation as Donnas best friends and so does Stellan Sarskard and Dominic Cooper Colin Firth gives
one of the best performances of his rich career deserving all the praise possible for his
spontaneous performance and his final revelation is hilarious and handled with so much cuteness and
zero cheesiness that would be expected from Hollywood on such occasions Pierce Brosnan was as hot as
ever sorry cant find another word and he added some real charm and star charisma to the pictureWhich
brings us to Myrel Streep The Woman Who Can Do No Wrong Yes she can appear in mediocre movies most
recently in the likes of Prime and Lions for Lambs but even then she adds a spark to the entire
project and makes watching these films an agreeable experience In Mamma Mia she is just absolutely
fabulous she dances she sings she acts like the legend she is and in one particular scene preparing
her daughter for the big night she reminds us why she is so respected and at 59 she is still a major
Hollywood star she is just simply a phenomenal performer Fun lovable and definitely capable of
handling a tune her Super Trouper and Mamma Mia numbers are highlights in the filmSo all in all
Mamma Mia was the ultimate fun experience for me this year Sweet sensitive and charming with a
superb cast and beautiful music Give it a shot in this summer of superheroes and bad movies and it
will help restore your faith in oldfashioned simple cinema If not then at least you will have a
heartwarming 2 hours of music love and Streep and Firth excelling beyond expectations Go see it with
an open mind and most importantly an open heart and you will be having the time of your lifeWell
what can i say This movie is one of the best movies ive seen in on a big screen so far I dont
particularly like musicals but man this one is awesome All the songs that have been chosen for it
are great and popular so it was no surprise that all the time the audience was singing along with
the actors  The whole time the faces of the people around me were lightened up with a smile and
everyone was happy Me i had the chills going down my spine pretty much most of the time  No one
stood up before the final credits were shown and everybody was simply sitting down listening to the
music happy by the unexpected joy this movie brought them  I strongly recommend this piece to
everyone regardless of age and genre preferences cause i really believe that this movie is so good
that theres no way not to fall in love with it I went to see the film with my girlfriend and wasnt
really interested although it did have a very impressive cast I LOVED it What a great surprise I
laughed the whole way through and found myself completely invested in the plot The acting singing
and dancing was superb I honestly believe Streep who looked fantastic could be up for an
OscarAdditionally its a genuine breath of fresh air to see a primarily older cast given roles full
of fun and energy Every one of the older cast deserve honourable mentions Im 27 BTW so its not like
im a bitter old person either lol Go check it out well worth itI have become a Momma Mia aholic The
movie is probably the most fantastic movie I have ever seen I have never seen a movie more than once
at a theater I believe the combinations of music comedy near Shakespearean farce some drama
fantastic acting and unexpected cameos makes this a top top winner in my opinion I know it cannot
qualify for music awards but it should qualify for other awards I dont want to spoil it for anyone
out there but if you havent seen it by now since its been out for over a month shame on you Part of
the reason why I have gone repeatedly is because I have enjoyed the audience reactions nearly as
much as the films multitalented stars The audience has been mostly Baby Boomers who can relate to
Meryl Streep and Pierce Brosnan It has been mostly women but when couples show up the men hoot with
laughter as much as the women The comments overheard while leaving have always been positive and
most are delighted they came surprisingly so they say The movie is also an education in taking
chances regarding typecasting I hope this sets a precedent for the future of all those actors who
are waiting for their chance to broaden their scope of their chosen careers Hurray for this movie on
so many levels Go see it Now And again And againId been putting off going to the cinema to see this
film for weeks on end From seeing the trailer my first thought was no way Even though it seemed like
the ultimate chick flick which is usually my perfect genre to watch I didnt fancy it However a week
later my Mum asked if Id go with her so obviously I agreed We never went straight away with wanting
to see other current blockbusters such as Batman etc So Id kept on putting it off even though
everyone I work with had seen it at least once and didnt have a bad word to say about itSo about 4
or 5 weeks after release i booked the tickets and with only 2 showings i chose the 8 thinking it
would be rather quiet When we got there we had been put in the largest screen and had to queue for
about 20 minutes because it was so popular People struggling to find seats etcIt was absolutely
amazing It was so different to how it had been advertised and how I expected it to be I will admit
during one earlier scene Seyfield singing with her mothers diaryI thought it was far too cheesy to
handle But after that I was hookedI really wanted to dance when the girls were dancing to dancing
queen The entire film was just really fast paced and happy I enjoyed every song and I think Amanda
Seyfield has a beautiful voice Im not a fan of Abba but i loved the entire soundtrack I loved how
there was a middle aged guy sat next to me trying really hard not to let on that he was enjoying the
film Foot tapping etcOne thing I didnt expect was the cry during the film I dont really cry at the
cinema but I couldnt stop weeping on the scene when Donna and her daughter are getting ready for her
wedding I thought it added a really serious moment to the film making me appreciate it more Oh and
another thing The location WowI dont know what people were expecting I hadnt read the books before
seeing the movie and I am assuming that maybe this was a good thing I enjoyed the film I do not
agree with the lack of chemistry either There was a weird chemistry which I believe made sense
because of the unusual relationship He is an odd character and she is intimidated and is also very
innocent therefore it isnt going to be the usual sexual chemistry that you would find in a romantic
film A lot of people have said there was not enough sex or it was not raunchy enough Firstly if
there were any more sex scenes it would have got quite boring and instead we got to see a bit of a
story line Also there is only so much that they can show in a film surely What were people expecting
Also one final point in relation to the comments I have seen regarding the film giving SM a bad name
I dont agree This is a specific story about one guy who is into specific things and goes about
things a particular way It was all consensual and it is made clear that it must be The whole point
of the story is that Christian Greys sexual desires are confusing for Anatasia to understand and
that the relationship is quite complicated due to their mutual feelings for each other I have also
seen comments that this film is sexist and degrades women This film does not promote that at all it
merely shows a story of someone who practises in SM and in this instance the man is the dominant She
has a choice as to whether she wants to engage in this and the film does not say this is okay and
woman should do this The character was not forced to do anything I do not get why people feel the
need to accuse films of implying or portraying such thingsObviously this film is not perfect and
there are things that could have been better but I enjoyed this film and personally would recommend
it to others I can get quite bored in films but I was not bored at all I have paid more to see films
that are A LOT worse than thisI was a little hesitant when I decided to go watch the movie since in
my opinion most movies made from books lack a lot of scenes that are originally in the book Jamie
and Dakota have a palpable connection despite other negative reviews another reason why I was
doubting this movie cinematography was great and over all this movie was if not completely then very
close to what I was expecting after reading the books Right after leaving the movie theater I wanted
to go back and watch it again it leaves you wanting to know more about Christian Grey even when
youve already read the books Im looking forward to the next one and I recommend you watch this one
and dont listen to all the negative reviews I loved itThis movie is really not as bad as everyone is
making it out to be Many voters havent even seen it and others have hated it before they saw itI was
so focused on the book the first time I saw it that I didnt really appreciate the movie for what it
was Then a friend dragged me in for a second viewing and I knew what to expect I was very surprised
because it wasnt as bad as I thought the first timeNo it is not a masterpiece And its missing many
scenes from the book  a book that was terribly written and originally was a Twilight fanfic which
still pains mebut had a good story This is the story they should focus onThe sex scenes were not
necessary to that extent and they should have cut it short Dakota Johnson was not my favorite choice
for Ana Steele Shes not tiny enough But I found her actually very fun and quite good Jamie Dornan
was a good Christian for me though many do not agree A few times his accent slipped but other than
that he did a very good job Sadly the script didnt give Jamie and Dakota much room to explore their
roles It was too shallow so I applaud them for doing it so wellBut a few casting choices were not so
good Elliot was not a sweet hot lady killer but looked more like a creepy drug dealer Kate was not
gorgeous enough and Grace Christians mom was too youngAll the criticism for being anti feminism is
something I dont understand We start out with seeing a girl who doesnt have any selfesteem and lets
everyone walk all over her Then she meets a man who gives her confidence to stand up for herself She
finds her own inner strength Also theres no rape between Ana and Christian not in the movie nor the
bookMany from the BDSM community complains that the book makes it seem that you can only be into
BDSM if you have psychological problems It isnt true Ana discovers that she likes it too and that it
isnt the how that was wrong It was the why Theres nothing wrong with liking BDSM but it is wrong if
you do it to punish and work out your personal problems I think its sad that the movie has such a
bad rating on IMDb because its not terrible Many horrible movies have better ratings so its
obviously because of the hype that many dont like the movie or the books for that matterGo watch the
movie without expectations Youd be surprisedWell I read all three books The first two book is kinda
filled with lots of steamy stuff but third book is more interesting Me and my fianc√© had a chance to
go at a prescreening of the movie And to tell you the truth this is probably 98 match with the book
People complain no matter what Its not like the bookblah blahOh its like the book No new material
But I say this is not everyones cup of tea I like it because it has sensuality People think this
movie promotes violence I dont see any violence in here and neither does my fianc√© These are acts of
two adult consenting to perform BDSM It is not full on torture to mean and hurt anyone Again its not
for everyone So if you dont like it Stay away of it rather than putting negative comments and
confusing people I understand this can be new to some people and be little uncomfortable but thats
what everything new is going to be like So I liked the movie and enjoyed it even though lots of
nakedness But hey this is the 50 shades of GreyI loved the book to movie adaptation overall the
movie is basically just like the book There were a few scenes that had to be left out but there was
no way they could translate the entire book into the movie The sex scenes were tastefully done IMO
if people like the book they will like the movie Dakota did an amazing job of portraying every facet
of Ana Dakota did an amazing job of portraying every facet of Ana I am a huge Charlie Hunnam fan
actually he is the reason I finally gave in and read the books I was upset when he backed out and
doubted at first Jamie being cast¬ÖHOWEVER after seeing the moving Jamie is Christian he brought the
stiff standoffish cold older in manner than years Christian from book1 to life I could see his
struggles with realizing he actually felt real emotions about a woman the struggle with changing for
her staying away from her Honestly after watching the movie I cant see anyone else as Christian or
Ana In book 2 Fifty Shades Darker Christian really starts to evolve and we learn more about him and
I cant wait to see Jamie bring FSD Christian to life The ending had me in tears and I went home and
immediately started a reread of book 2 Fifty Shades Darker Applause to Jamie Dornan Dakota Johnson
Sam TaylorJohnson Kelly Marcel EL James and the entire cast and crew for bring Fifty Shades of Grey
to life in such a splendid classy funny sexy manner Bring on Darker and FreedFifty shades of grey
was actually a good movie i dont know why people say the opposite but i really enjoyed watching itTo
be clear i havent read the bookso i can not compare the book to the movie i do not know if there
were scenes that were not shown in the movie or if there was deterioration of the characters of the
booketc etcIts a romantic story of a girl who falls in love with grey but he is dealing with his own
demons he is fifty shades of fcked up as he calls himself unable to love unable to be touched he
only wants to rulebe the dominate male and has this playgrounf to feed his appetite Anna falls
inlove with him she tries her best to understand him tries to please him by doing all that he wants
but in the end she cannot handle it anymore and leaves Gray does not want her to leave he has
feelings for her he does not want to accept the fact that anna is changing himAs i said it is an
interesting movie with a nice plot and romance the erotica scenes were not disturbing to me there
where well played so as not to make it look like a porn movieI saw this film on Valentines weekend
And as all book to film situations the film lacks the description and this book holds a lot of
description especially where fueling imagination goes The film always had a lot to live up to But i
think they did it well A few of the scenes jumped through quite quickly without explaining what was
happening so Im hoping maybe when they release the DVD there will be some uncut scenes added or
bonus scenes I think you understand Ana quite well but you miss some of Christians Depth and how he
really feels about Ana But overall i really did enjoy it the scenes played well and were a lot more
raunchy than i was expecting And very funny in places A great start to the series I think most
people love the second book more so hopefully more detail next time pleaseAs for Jamie and Dakota I
think they had all the chemistry there and did it really well I think the script was more lacking
than the actors playing themThe directing was great and the overall look and feel of the film was
great i think the book to film sets were exactly as they should of been and felt they kept true to
the booksGreat film did exactly what it said on the tin I feel like everyone who is writing all
these reviews are people who havent seen the movie and are just saying it sucks because of
everything theyve heard I read the books and loved them and I told my friends to go watch the movie
with me One of my friends heard there was rape and all this other BS Theres no rape no abuse nothing
It was all consensual The movie itself was really good they followed the book and got most of the
key points and there was also a little comedy in there So dont listen to these stupid reviews and
watch it because apart from all the moms it was amazing I really hope they make fifty shades darker
soon because my standards are really high now36Is that even possibleThe movie was really good not
great but really goodIt really exceeded my expectations of course that some parts of the movie
should appear on the screen but that was the choice of the director and I agree with what has been
doneWhen I arrive to the cinema  my mind was boiling and my heart was pounding really fastmaybe some
people will considerer it ridiculousBut when it starts was a really joy to see itAlsothe actors made
a really good job specially Jamie and Dakotathe others basically didnt have to much to say HoweverI
dont know how I will wait more 2 years for the next movie since I read all the three books just a
couple months ago and the second book was my favouriteThis time my expectations will be even more
highbecause we will see a different side of Christian more tenderromantic and generous man Maybe
Spoilers hereI went to see the movie today and was a little afraid after seeing the rating But as a
hardcore Fifty Shades of Grey fan I was ready to jump in and give it a trySo I will be quick with my
points Dakota JohnsonStunningshe was cutecharmingand classy she brought Anastasia Steele to life in
front of me just the way I had pictured her from reading the 3 books Jamie Dornanyes his accent came
through sometimes but I didnt notice it enough to make a big deal of it like some people are seeming
to His acting to me was great his body language perfect his look is amazing he is a stunning man and
a great actor Too me he was intense intimidating and kept me begging for me  The sexwas wowkept me
on my seats I was a little afraid about seeing the red room in person and I thought they did it
tastefully and to me it wont scare away people who have not read the books  Chemistrywho says they
dont have Chemistry or that the actors hate each other You even see in the interview where they said
Jamie would cover her up they obviously have to care about each other and I never see any bad vibes
between Their chemistry in the movie was great something most women are gonna be dreaming of having
It followed the books perfectly without being boring They added their own flare to scenes to keep it
from feeling like it was read straight out of the book The ending was done just the way I imagined
it leaves us open and wanting for the 2nd film especially for anyone who hasnt read the books My
mother went with my group and she has never read a page of the books But she left the theater
wanting to know when the 2nd movie was coming out so she could know what happens to them  I expected
there to be many haters of this movie and its not going to be every ones cup of tea but I believe
that its going in the right direction and the 2nd and 3rd movie will have more variety as anyone who
has read the books knows where the plot goes We can focus on romancesex and then add some action in
there and suspense I love Dakota and Jamie I hope they dont go through reading these and be to hard
on themselves They did a great job so let them ignore the crap reviews and realize the real fans are
here to support them 3 3 3I did not want to watch this movie but took my wife to see it because we
both saw the one with Kris Kristofferson and Barbra Streisand growing up The crowd was a lot older
than we werewe are almost 50 it was the biggest screen they had at our theater and seats a lot but
it was maybe half full on Sunday afternoon Not one dry eye in the place it had a great tempo and
didnt drag on or have any lulls in the story We were both very pleased and are still engaging in
conversations about the movie Its my opinion to highly recommend to everyone go out and watch a
great movie and a heartfelt movie that redefines love in this time and age we live in That is my two
cents hope you enjoy as much as we haveA magnificent movie captivating performances by Bradley
Cooper and Lady Gaga The ultimate shock was how brilliant Lady Gaga was we knew she could sing but
didnt have any idea just how far her acting talent stretchesAfter watching that I can tell you it stretches far enough to earn her some Oscar goldThe movie is outstanding the music is annoyingly perfect the cast is great and everything shouts
Oscar worthy movieTen out of tenBradley cooper and Lady Gaga collaboration on this remake of the classic A Star Is
Born results in an outstanding movie and soundtrack that keeps you looking ofr more until the very
end of the movieThis movie really touched my heart it really is the best movie of the year and
everyone should see this masterpiece I was impressed by Gagas acting skills she deserves an Oscar
And her voice Omg she is so perfect the song I Will Never Love Again is so majesticPoised to be an
instant classic almost everything about this film is phenomenal  the acting the cinematography the
discography etcA movie that will take you to another world full of emotions Lady Gaga is an amazing
actress with impressive acting skills The songs are pure art and her voice will give you chills
youll just find yourself in tearsI dont need to talk about the legendary Bradley Cooper This is literally the best movie of 2018And one of the best MusicalRomance movies everWithout any further doubt Bradley Cooper truly
delivers a topnotch riveting and outstanding directorial debut and performance that clearly speaks
of magnificence and greatness Despite the fact that A Star is Born has been retold several times in
its iteration from 1937 1954 and 1976 the excellent screenplay and direction clearly shows an
effective and superb storytelling that can make an devastating and powerful impact while making
itself as fresh as its own that serves as a contemporary modern musical classic for the modern
generation Even its depiction of depression addiction mental issues as well fame are well accurately
portrayed Clearly this film blends well with emotion love inspiration and sensibilitiesLady Gaga is
also incredibly remarkable within this film Her knockout acting performance clearly blew anyones
minds and with her fantastic singing voice elevates the great quality of the film Sam Elliott has
also given a memorable and exceptional performance Even the chemistry of Bradley Cooper and Lady
Gaga are really off the charts and skyrocketed into a spectacular and amazing experienceAnother
remarkable qualities that the film presented with is the realistic and colorful cinematography and
masterful editing but what truly shines above it all is the music and the songs as its considered as
the heart and soul of the filmThis is definitely of the years best film and will be worth remembered
as a memorable musical masterpiece that will be a part of the classical musicals such as La La Land
Moulin Rouge and etcI didnt expect this movie to be THAT HUGE The movie is full of emotions and deep
moments that Ive found myself in tears The songs are amazing the act is amazing and I can say that
this is movie of the yearHope this is not the last time we see Bradley direct and Gaga actBoth Lady
Gaga  Bradley Cooper were able to show of their creative talents in this with the stunning songs in
the soundtrack Bradleys directional skills  Gagas acting I would definitely consider this to be one
of those movies which you HAVE to watch This movie will definitely remain timeless and will move you
to tears There are literally hundreds of comments about this movie on IMDB  Many of them exhort its
greatness  I dont disagree with themBut Id like to add a suggestion to those of you out there who
havent seen this film  Id like to tell you HOW to watch itThe people who made this movie didnt think
they were producing a masterpiece Bergman left the shoot disgusted  The screenwriters were on salary
for Warners writing half a dozen movies a year and this was just one more  Bogie was punching the
clock in the middle of a workhorse careerSo as an audience member you cant sit down expecting gilded
greatnessDont have a Casablaca party  Dont watch it on your first date hoping it will lend that
Romantic Touch  Dont watch it as part of your I need to watch the Best 10 movies of all time Film
School projectBuy this movie on DVD  Have it at the ready  And then one Friday night when your plans
fall through and you find its 1030pm and theres nothing on TV thats any good open a six pack of beer
or pour yourself some wine and watch this movie in a darkened roomThe characters in Casablanca are
absolutely devoid of sentimentalism  Every one of them sees the world without a hint of rose color
in their lenses  As Rick says Three little people dont amount to a hill of beans in this big old
world  If youre in a mood where you understand what hes saying watch this movie and it will
transport youThere is no single movie that deserves to be called the best movie of all time  Because
movies when all is said and done dont amount to a hill of beans  They are meant to entertain us not
for us to worship THEMBut no movie has ever known this fact like CasablancaIf you watch Casablance this way with no expectations with no hype you might catch 10 percent of its
greatness on one viewing  And that will be enough to start you on your wayHappy viewing kidThere is
a scene about halfway through the movie Casablanca that has become commonly known as The Battle of
the Anthems throughout the films long history A group of German soldiers has come into Ricks Caf√©
American and are drunkenly singing the German National Anthem at the top of their voice Victor Lazlo
the leader of the French Resistance cannot stand this act and while the rest of the club stares
appalled at the Germans Lazlo orders the band to play Le Marseilles sic the French National Anthem
With a nod from Rick the band begins playing with Victor singing at the top of HIS voice This in
turn inspires the whole club to begin singing and the Germans are forced to surrender and sit down
at their table humbled by the crowds dedication This scene is a turning point in the movie for
reasons that I leave to you to discover As I watched this movie again tonight for what must be the
100th time I noticed there was a much smaller scene wrapped inside the bigger scene that unless you
look for it you may never notice Yvonne a minor character who is hurt by Rick emotionally falls into
the company of a German soldier In a land occupied by the Germans but populated by the French this
is an unforgivable sin She comes into the bar desperately seeking happiness in the clubs wine song
and gambling Later as the Germans begin singing we catch a glimpse of Yvonne sitting dejectedly at a
table alone and in this brief glimpse it is conveyed that she has discovered that this is not her
path to fulfillment and she has no idea where to go from there As the singing progresses we see
Yvonne slowly become inspired by Lazlos act of defiance and by the end of the song tears streaming
down her face she is singing at the top of her voice too She has found her redemption She has found
something that will make her life never the same again from that point on Basically this is
Casablanca in a nutshell On the surface you may see it as a romance or as a story of intrigue but
that is only partially correctThe thing that makes Casablanca great is that it speaks to that place
in each of us that seeks some kind of inspiration or redemption On some level every character in the
story receives the same kind of catharsis and their lives are irrevocably changed Ricks is the most
obvious in that he learns to live again instead of hiding from a lost love He is reminded that there
are things in the world more noble and important than he is and he wants to be a part of them Louis
the scoundrel gets his redemption by seeing the sacrifice Rick makes and is inspired to choose a
side where he had maintained careful neutrality The stoic Lazlo gets his redemption by being shown
that while thousands may need him to be a hero there is someone he can rely upon when he needs
inspiration in the form of his wife who was ready to sacrifice her happiness for the chance that he
would go on living Even Ferrai the local organized crime leader gets a measure of redemption by
pointing Ilsa and Lazlo to Rick as a source of escape even though there is nothing in it for him
This is the beauty of this movie Every time I see it and I have seen it a lot it never fails that I
see some subtle nuance that I have never seen before Considering that the director would put that
much meaning into what is basically a throw away moment not the entire scene but Yvonnes portion
speaks bundles about the quality of the film My wife and I watched this movie on our first date and
since that first time over 12 years ago it has grown to be in my mind the greatest movie ever
madeSpoilers ahead but then again who isnt familiar with Casablanca even if one hasnt seen itIve
been watching Casablanca over and over again since I bought the Special Edition DVD and is there any
film out there one can watch again and again without ever being tired of it And does any film appeal
to a broader audience Just everything about it seems to be as close to perfection as it only can
beBut what exactly is so special about it Is it its great genre mix never equaled by another film
When we think of Casablanca first we remember it as a romantic film well most of us do But then
again its also a drama involving terror murder and flight One can call it a character study
centering on Rick And there are quite a few moments of comedic delight just think of the pickpocket
This place is full of vultures vultures everywhere or the elderly couple on the last evening before
their emigration to the US What watchBut Casablanca is not only great as a whole it still stands on
top if we break it apart and look at single lines of dialog scenes or performances alone Is there
any other film which has more quotable dialog than Casablanca Pulp Fiction is on my mind here and
All About Eve and Sunset Blvd come close too but still I think Casablanca tops everything else And
not only is the dialog great its unforgettably delivered especially by Humphrey Bogart I was
misinformed and Claude Rains I am shocked shocked to find that gambling is going on here Many of
scenes have become a part of film history the duel of Die Wacht am Rhein and La Marseillaise is
probably one of the greatest scenes ever shot the only I can think of that would rival it for the 1
spot is Hynkel and the globe from Chaplins The Great Dictator and the last scene is probably even
familiar to the few people whove never seen Casablanca Am I the only one who is absolutely convinced
that the film wouldnt have become what it is today if Rick and Ilsa would have ended up as the lucky
coupleAbout the performances So much has been said about the uniqueness of Humphrey Bogarts and
Ingrid Bergmans chemistry as Rick and Ilsa about Claude Rains terrific turn as Renault about the
scenestealing performances by Peter Lorre one of the 10 alltime greatest actors as Ugarte and Sydney
Greenstreet as Ferrari and about Dooley Wilson stopping the show as Sam Id love to emphasize here
two other performances one that is not mentioned quite as often and one which is blatantly
overlooked Conrad Veidt as Major Strasser had a really difficult task here as his character is the
only evil one but still Strasser is not a onedimensional character and it took more than 50 years
until another actor gave an equally maybe even more impressive performance as a Nazi Ralph Fiennes
in Schindlers List But why no one ever mentions S K Sakall who plays Carl the jolly waiter at Ricks
Caf√© Am√©ricain is beyond me He has definitely more screen time than Lorre Greenstreet and Wilson and
probably about as much as Veidt and hes a joy whenever hes on the screen I simply love his reaction
when the pickpocket Vultures everywhere accidentally bumps into him or the reaction to the What
watchdialog Or how he says he gave Strasser the best table being a German he would have taken it
anyway His performance is simply criminally overlookedSo is there a weakest link in Casablanca Every
film no matter how close to perfection has a minor flaw or two so one can find them in Casablanca
too if one really tries hard So yes one might ask how much sense the entire mumbo jumbo about the
letters of transit makes One might point out that Paul Henreid although his performance is certainly
good doesnt come close to the greatness of any of his costars However the film is so close to
perfection that Im almost ashamed that Im so desperately trying to find lessthanperfect elementsSo
whatever films will come how many sequels will overflow the screen and how much junk we will have to
sit through one thing is certain if were desperate to see a great film Well always have
CasablancaCasablanca remains Hollywoods finest moment a film that succeeds on such a vast scale not
because of anything experimental or deliberately earthshaking in its design but for the way it
cohered to and reaffirmed the moviemaking conventions of its day This is the film that played by the
rules while elevating the form and remains the touchstone for those who talk about Hollywoods
greatnessIts the first week in December 1941 and in the Vichycontrolled African port city of
Casablanca American expat Rick Blaine runs a gin joint he calls Ricks Cafe Americaine Everybody
comes to Ricks including thieves spies Nazis partisans and refugees trying to make their way to
Lisbon and eventually America Rick is a tough sour kind of guy but hes still taken for a loop when
fate hands him two sudden twists A pair of unchallengeable exit visas and a woman named Ilsa who
left him brokenhearted in Paris and now needs him to help her and her resistanceleader husband
escapeHumphrey Bogart is Rick and Ingrid Bergman is Ilsa in roles that are archetypes in film lore
They are great parts besides very multilayered and resistant to stereotype and both actors give
career performances in what were great careers Hes mad at her for walking out on him while she wants
him to understand her cause but theres a lot going on underneath with both and it all spills out in
a scene in Ricks apartment that is one of many legendary momentsCasablanca is a great romance not
only for being so supremely entertaining with its humor and realisticthoughexotic wartime excitement
but because its not the least bit mushy Take the way Ricks face literally breaks when he first sees
Ilsa in his bar or how he recalls the last time he saw her in Paris The Germans wore gray you wore
blue Theres a real human dimension to these people that makes us care for them and relate to them in
a way that belies the passage of yearsFor me and many the most interesting relationship in the movie
is Rick and Capt Renault the police prefect in Casablanca who is played by Claude Rains with a
wonderful subtlety that builds as the film progresses Theirs is a relationship of almost perfect
cynicism oneliners and professions of neutrality that provide much humor as well as give a necessary
display of Ricks darker side before and after Ilsas arrivalBut theres so much to grab onto with a
film like this You can talk about the music or the way the setting becomes a living character with
its floodlights and Moorish traceries Paul Henreid is often looked at as a bit of a third wheel
playing the role of Ilsas husband but he manages to create a moral center around which the rest of
the film operates and his enigmatic relationship with Rick and especially Ilsa a woman who obviously
admires her husband but cant somehow ever bring herself to say she loves him is something to wonder
atMy favorite bit is when Rick finds himself the target of an entreaty by a Bulgarian refugee who
just wants Ricks assurance that Capt Renault is trustworthy and that if she does a bad thing to
secure her husbands happiness it would be forgivable Rick flashes on Ilsa suppresses a grimace tries
to buy the woman off with a oneliner Go back to Bulgaria then finally does a marvelous thing that
sets the whole second half of the film in motion without much calling attention to itselfIts not
fashionable to discuss movie directors after Chaplin and before Welles but surely something should
be said about Michael Curtiz who not only directed this film but other great features like Captain
Blood and Angels With Dirty Faces For my money his Adventures Of Robin Hood was every bit
Casablancas equal and he even found time the same year he made Casablanca to make Yankee Doodle
Dandy When you watch a film like this you arent so much aware of the director but thats really a
testament to Curtizs artistry Casablanca is not only exceptionally wellpaced but incredibly wellshot
every frame feeling wellthoughtout and legendary without distracting from the overall storyCurtiz
was a product of the studio system not a maverick like Welles or Chaplin but he found greatness just
as often and Casablanca also a product of the studio system is the best example Its a film that
reminds us why we go back to Hollywood again and again when we want to refresh our imaginations and
why we call it the dream factory As the hawker of linens tells Ilsa at the bazaar You wont find a
treasure like this in all Morocco Nor for that matter in all the worldMy favorite film of all time
Beautiful plot that naturally weaves together and builds to a truly emotional climax Could affect
even the most nihilistic of people A masterpiece that is truly one of the greatest films ever made
1010Casablanca is a film about the personal tragedy of occupation and war  It speaks to the
oppression of the one side  and the heroism and selfdeprecation of the other  From opportunists to
isolationists  from patriots to disenchanted lovers  the film has everything a man or woman would
enjoy  Bravery courage intrigue romance beauty and love Leading actors to please any appetite
Watching this film is to step back to a world that doesnt exist  yet to know it  It is to experience
lives that have never been lived  but are real to you  It is to know pain and joy pride and pity for
characters that are a fiction  yet are so real that you cant help but get lost in their storyAmazing
cast memorable dialogue unforgettable story  Through this film Casablanca will always live in my
heart and I will think of its characters as familySeeing it for the first time is truly the start of
a romance with ideals that will live in you long after credits endMichael Curtizs Casablanca opens
on maps while a narrator gives a detailed exposition of the many twists and turns of Casablanca in
the French Morocco as a refugee route from wartime EuropeThe Nazi envoy Major Heinrich Strasser puts
it Human life is cheap in Casablanca Of course because a man may be executed in its crowded market
before Marshal P√©tains portrait or where a charming girl may guarantee an exit visa by spending her
night with the Prefect of PoliceRicks Caf√© is the point of intersection the espionage center the
background for Allied offensive the focal point as refugees from Nazioccupied Europe seek to gain
exit visas to Lisboa The interesting club so well organized leads to an open arena of conspiracy
counterspies secret plans black market transactions in which the games and fights are between
arrogant Nazis patriotic French idealists murderers pickpockets and gamblers around a roulette wheel
where a ball could rest on Ricks command against the settled number 22Casablanca is an adventure
film which victory is not won with cannons and guns The action the fight the war takes place inside
Ricks walls rather than outsideBut who is this Rick What is his magical power His secret weapon Rick
is the antifascist with hard feelings the former soldier of fortune who has grown tired of smuggling
and fighting and is now content to sit out the war in his own neutral territory Even loyalty to a
friend doesnt move him as he refuses to help Ugarte a desperately frightened little courier who is
fleeing from the policeEmphatically Rick says I stick my neck out for nobody But we know he will do
just that in a very short time for into his quiet life comes a haunting vision from his past the
beautiful woman he still loves and bitterly remembers She is married to an underground leader and
she desperately needs those papers Rick conveniently now has in his possession The cynical Ricks
facade of neutrality begins to weaken as he recalls the bittersweet memories of his past love affair
memories triggered repeatedly when the strains of As Time Goes By come from Sam his pianoplaying
confidanteBut Casablanca basic message is a declaration of selfsacrifice War World II demanded all
The words stated by Rick at the airport had their impact The problems of three people dont amount to
a hill of beans in this crazy world It goes without saying that Bogart is incomparable when he seems
most like himself His way with a line makes Casablanca dialog part of the collective memory I
remember every detail The Germans wore gray You were blue Intermixed in this intrigue are all the
fascinating and beautifully acted supporting roles¬Ö With his customary skill Claude Rains plays
Major Renault a prefect of police who is like Bogart in many ways He too claims neutrality but is
definitely against the Nazis He is Ricks most devoted adversary tauntingly calling the man a
sentimentalist and delivering his share of cynically amusing lines When he makes a small bet and is
encouraged to make a bigger one he remarks that he is only a poor corrupt official Ingrid Bergman is
fascinating as the lovely heroine the mysterious impossible woman of an impossible love the tender
mood of every man the loveaffair the quality of being romantic the traditional woman enclosed by two
rivals symbol of a besieged EuropePaul Henreid is Victor Laszlo the antiNazi resistance leader
seeking in Morocco the two letters of transit signed by General De GaulleSidney Greenstreet is the
black marketeer on good terms with Rick the rival owner of the Blue Parrot the acceptable face of
corruptionPeter Lorre is Ugarte the racketeer the dealer of anything illegal the killer driven into
a corner by the Vichy police who has given Rick two letter of transitConrad Veidt is the very
essence of German rigidity unfeeling unconcerned about life but firmly believing in the foolish
ideology of his Nazi compatriotsCasablanca covers many highlights The Marseillaise against the Horst
Wessel song inspiring sequence the blissful days in Paris Ilsas emotional words to Rick in occupied
Paris the champagne toast Ilsas request to Sam the poetry of the magic words and the beautiful voice
of Dooley Wilson Captain Renaults words in the airport and the farewellThe magic that developed from
the teaming of Bogart and Bergman is enough to make a new romantic figure out of the former tough
guy To his cynicism his own code of ethics his hatred of the phoniness in all human behavior he now
added the softening traits of tenderness and compassion and a feeling of heroic commitment to a
cause They helped him complete the portrayal of the ideal man who all men wished to rivalOne can
look at hundreds of films produced during this period without finding any whose composite pieces
fall so perfectly into place Its photography is outstanding the music score is inventive the editing
is concise and timed perfectly Bogarts and Bergmans love scenes create a genuinely romantic aura
capturing a sensitivity between the two stars one would not have believed possibleCasablanca is a
masterpiece of entertainment an outstanding motion picture which brought Bogart his first Academy
Award nomination he lost to Paul Lukas for Watch On the Rhine and won Awards for Best Picture of the
Year Best Director and Best ScreenplayThe Petrified Forest convinced the world Bogart was a bad guy
And for years he shocked and awed the audience with roles fitting that image The Maltese Falcon
showed a new kind hero one with an edge Bogart with all the right things to say and seemingly never
losing his cool Then came Casablanca and the ages The mans  man comes with a heart Arguably three of
his best pictures All showing a change in a mans character and the depths of what acting is supposed
to be Maybe it was Warner Bros all along Maybe Bogart was simply BogartWhat can I say about this
film that hasnt been said in over 60 years since its release Is it a great film Yes Is it a showcase
for Bogart If not than what else Was Bogart the coolest guy to ever live Absolutely Casablanca is a
different kind of love story more likely to infect rather than effectShe almost makes me believe it
every time When she says Youre very kind Bergman was more than just beautiful And with Paul Henreid
Claude Rains Conrad Veidt and Peter Lorre cinema magic was created But to me Bogart was the greatest
actor of all time Its hard for me to believe he died almost 50 years ago Every time I watch his
films its like they were made yesterday And thats why he is timeless Im still trying to figure him
outI should never have switched from scotch to martinis Is said to be Bogarts last words A legend
indeedIts one of the great Hollywood legends how George Raft helped make Humphrey Bogart a leading
man by turning down in succession High Sierra The Maltese Falcon and Casablanca Maybe Raft showed
some good sense in letting a better actor handle those roles In any event weve got some proof in the
case of CasablancaCheck out some time a film called Background to Danger that Warner Brothers did
with George Raft that also featured Peter Lorre and Sydney Greenstreet Had Raft ever done Casablanca
the film would have been a routine actionadventure story just like Background to Danger Instead with
Bogey we get that but also one of the great love stories of the century Humphrey Bogart set the
standard for playing expatriate American soldiers of fortune in Casablanca Right now hes between
wars running Ricks Cafe Americain in Casablanca in Morocco an area controlled for the moment by the
Vicky French government Hes got his fingers in a whole lot of pies but Bogey operates with his own
code of ethics He sticks his neck out for nobodyNobody except the great love of his life Ingrid
Bergman who left him mysteriously in Paris as he was fleeing the oncoming German occupation She
walks back into his life with a husband Paul Henreid who is a well known antifascist leaderThe rest
of the film is a contest for Bogeys soul Torn between his great love his own antifascist beliefs and
certain practical necessities of operating a liquor and gaming establishment in a hostile
environment So many things combine to make Casablanca the great film it is Ingrid Bergmans lovely
incandescence melding and melting Bogeys cynical screen persona The indelible characterizations of
Peter Lorre Sydney Greenstreet Claude Rains Conrad Veidt and the whole rest of a 100 perfectly cast
film And the revival of a great ballad which serves as Casablancas theme songI say revival because
As Time Goes By was introduced in 1931 in the George White Scandals on Broadway by Rudy Vallee He
made a record of it which sold quite a few disks back then But by the merest of coincidences there
was a strike that lasted two years that just began around the time Casablanca came out The Musicians
Union struck against the record companies With no new records being made RCA Victor rereleased
Vallees record and it became a monster hit on revivalAlso when Casablanca came out as if the White
House had a personal interest in the film FDR and Churchill had the first of their wartime
conferences inCasablanca of all places Jack Warner must have said a prayer for that to happenThere
are so many classic scenes and lines from Casablanca you can write a comment just by listing them
But my favorite has always been when the Germans have taken over Ricks place and are singing some of
their songs Paul Henreid goes to orchestra leader and asks him to lead La Marsellaise With a nod
from Bogey the orchestra plays Henreid leads them and the rest of the nonGermans in the cafe join in
Over 60 years later one still gets a thrill from that act of defianceBogart and Rains were nominated
for Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor Any of the others could have been as well As I said before
Casablanca is perfectly cast right down to minor roles like Curt Bois as a pickpocket John Qualen as
a fellow resistance leader and SZ Sakall as a waiter at Ricks If there was an award for ensemble
cast Casablanca would have won it As it was it did win for Best Picture of 1943 and best director
for Michael CurtizCasablanca will be seen and loved by filmgoers for generations unto infinity as
time goes byIn December 1941 American expatriate Rick Blaine owns an upscale nightclub and gambling
den in Casablanca Ricks Caf√© Am√©ricain attracts a varied clientele including Vichy French and German
officials refugees desperate to reach the stillneutral United States and those who prey on them
Although Rick professes to be neutral in all matters he ran guns to Ethiopia during its war with
Italy and fought on the Loyalist side in the Spanish Civil WarPetty crook Ugarte boasts to Rick of
letters of transit obtained by murdering two German couriers The papers allow the bearers to travel
freely around Germancontrolled Europe and to neutral Portugal and are priceless to the refugees
stranded in Casablanca Ugarte plans to sell them at the club and asks Rick to hold them Before he
can meet his contact Ugarte is arrested by the local police under the command of Captain Louis
Renault the unabashedly corrupt Vichy prefect of police Ugarte dies in custody without revealing
that he entrusted the letters to RickNow lets clear up some rumors Muh has been written about
Casablanca but a few rumors often get repeated One of them is Ingrid Bergman saying The screenplay
was not completed when they started shooting That is not true Warner Brothers never put a film into
production unless they had a complete screenplay Now they kept a few things secret from Ingrid
Bergman She did not have a complete screenplay The director and Warners thought they would get a
better performance out of her if she did not know a few things However it was not uncommon for
things to change while a film was in production Casablanca was no exception Another rumor was that
Ronald Reagan was cast to play Ric He was only thought of but for only a few seconds Almost everyone
in Hollywood was until Bogart was cast Rumor 3 The film was an out of control production This is not
true This was shot in 18 days Another things people dont quit notice is how fast people talk in this
film The film runs 102 minutes The screenplay is 125 minutes The average screenplay is one minute of
screen time per written page If this film was made by todays standards it would run almost 45
minutes longerNow if you never seen the film you are lucky The film is exciting as it is romantic
Not one minute of screen time is squandered Todays filmmakers would not know how to make a film like
this unless Batman plays Ric