I saw this movie with my wife and I have to say this was even better than I ever thought possibleAll
these people that want to compare this to episode 4 are just the type of people I am sure that just
cant be pleased no matter what you do for them Wake up spammers with boring lives This is STAR WARS
driven by the best part of the force I consider this a continuation of brilliance at its finest You
people that endlessly cry about this movie did actually see it right LOL Cant wait to see this story
continue for years to come This has made me an even bigger fan of Star Wars I thought the acting was
top notch especially Harrison Ford he stepped right back into that role perfectlyEnjoy an amazing
movie for exactly what it isAMAZINGI know this among many other reviews will just find themselves
lost in translation with thousands of others But that wont deter me from conveying how simply
awesome this movie was It was truly a Star Wars movie To have just enough fresh material meshed so
fluidly with the old stuff everyone loves is a truly amazing featIve read countless reviews that say
this movie has lost all heart and doesnt feel like a Star Wars movie and the answer to that is
simplywrongFrom glorious dogfights to scene stealing droids to gritty lightsaber battles this movie
has everything I want in a Star Wars film And more There are some real moments of raw emotion too
that I think the Prequels tried to instill but just couldntThe plot is perfection the new characters
had perfect chemistry with the old the effects were even more mind blowing than the trailers led to
me believe etc etc etc Please dont even bother reading any laughable negative reviews simply see
this spectacle for yourself10A fantastic addition to the Star Wars seriesGreat story excellent
acting brilliant action and so onThe photography was sweeping and excellent The characters were
imaginative and fresh I thoroughly enjoyed this movie and would watch it again without hesitationThe
plot was easily the best of the entire series and the cast were all outstanding in their partsI
truly look forward to the next installment and hope J J is at the helm Scratch that he actually isMy
expectations were very very high for this movieStarting with the opening scene a typical Star Wars
opening I wondered how well it was done I wondered how it would be different and yet new rebooting
some of the old and original without seeming stagnantJJ delivered on the Star Trek reboot and he
absolutely nailed this one as wellHe made it his own movie he engaged original characters by
engaging the new and the old He let the characters tell their own stories without pushing over the
boundaries The story flowedJohn Williams does it again Harrison Ford was spectacular The newcomers
were fun engaging and cheer worthyMy only complaint is this do I really have to wait 2 more years to
see the next amazing one directed by AbramsSomeone pass me the Xanax while I wait pleaseI know
biased fanboys of the painfully average outdated original trilogy will cluelessly cry about this but
yes The Force Awakens is the most well made film of the Star Wars saga This film has all the
goodness of the original movies characters who are easily likable incredible effects John Williams
rousing musical score and a great time at the cinema enjoyable with our families and friends But
there are things which are even better than the original movies Interaction between the lead
characters is so natural you got to commend the writers and the director J J Abrams for their
amazing work Most blockbuster films today tend to focus on spectacle and visual effects enhanced
action over tender human moments This film balances action and human drama amazingly well The new
characters are extremely memorable the new actors Daisy Ridley and John Boyega are wonderful in
their roles along with Oscar Isaac BB8 is extremely adorable dare I say even better than R2D2 Adam
Driver as Kylo Ren is a worthy villain with the best motion capture actor in the world Andy Serkis
doing what he does best as Supreme Leader Snoke The visual effects on display here are incredible
and unlike the prequels which were ruined by their CGish feel this one relies on practical effects
Almost everything in this film looks real the stormtroopers look real because they are real mean in
armor kudos for J J Abrams for not using CGI even for closeup shots of troopers J J Abrams is a
better director than George Lucas and that will be very clear when you see the film This film
deserves every award and acclaim it received A film as widely anticipated and hyped as this can
rarely ever be this good and yetit isTen out of Ten against the negative whiny fanboys This movie is
really amazing and MOST of the world LOVE this film Box officeIt is a fun Star Wars ride in every
way It COULD have been worse but JJ did an amazing job pulling this off Felt like Star Wars all the
way No one complained in the first few weeks and then let the haters go home and leave the rest of
the world enjoying this movie Finn and Rey all the wayI simply cannot comprehend how anyone would
give this a bad review It was without a doubt brilliant The directing was amazing to the point where
youre so immersed in the scenes I actually felt giddy during some of the flight scenes it feels like
youre actually IN the ship The special effects are tastefully done and are a perfect follow on from
its predecessors Nostalgia rules in this thrilling film we felt like applauding several times
throughout and got goosebumps in some amazing scenes It was also surprisingly humorous in
appropriate amounts and the balance of new characters versus returning characters and story lines
was brilliant 10 out of 10 for meIm a veeeeery longterm Star Wars fan since back in 77The Force
Awakens was absolutely brilliant  everyone in the IMAX cinema clapped and cheered at the end And it
was a mixed audience too not just Star Wars nerds like myselfI would describe this movie as a Star
Wars thats real and gritty  I felt immersed in every scene and not once was the spell broken unlike
the tragic prequelsThe acting was superb cinematography was amazing and I could never tell when CGI
was being used Story was excellent with some unexpected twists music great as always action
sequences were breathtaking Everyone in the cinema was quite emotional by the end I dont know how
some people are giving this a low rating they must be paid trolls getting that big payola payday
from someone LOL just kidding thats literally the single dumbest thing ive ever heard XDLooking
forward to watching this again and againThanks JJ for coming through  With this absolute epic Star
Warsisback JJ Abrams achieved a small miracle in creating a movie that respects its original
material brings in a ton of new characters makes it appealing for new viewers and sets up a story to
build a new Star Wars trilogy on Without giving away too many spoilers the story revolves around a
scavenger Rey a renegade stormtrooperFinn and a fighter pilotPoe in their quest to defeat an enemy
with the power to endanger the galaxy To be honest actual great acting has never been a strong point
in any of the previous Star Wars movies This trend has thankfully been broken as the stellar cast
give great performances throughout the whole movie The newcomers Daisy Ridley and John Boyega
playing as Rey and Finn respectively prove themselves more than capable of carrying the load in
continuing the saga They both show great chemistry together and give us extremely likable characters
with Rey bringing the heart of the film and Finn the abundant energy Oscar Isaacs who plays Poe is
the veteran among the young cast and pulls of a cool and smartass Xwing pilot And finally the old
cast returns to give this film a true Star Wars feel to it Harrison Ford returns as Han Solo and has
not seemed to skip a beat since 1983 as he is as cheeky and badass as ever His witty banter with
Chewbacca is a pleasure to watch but Ford also brings a strong emotional performance this time too
Carrie Fisher as Leia also returns in a rather small role and delivers some sweet scenes with Han
and the new cast However the most complex character with the best arc in this movie is the
antagonist Kylo Ren Ren played by Adam Driver gives us an extremely intimidating villain with a
troubled past we are eager to discover Ultimately he serves us more than a Darth Vader wannabe JJ
Abrams alongside Lawrence Kasdan wrote a fun and entertaining screenplay with plenty of emotional
plot twists and content Each main character has its own background and motivation which develops
over the duration of the film A pleasant surprise to see is the humor used in the movie The comedic
relief in the film was used very effectively in developing chemistry and sympathy for the characters
It is also a sign that the movie does not take itself too seriously as the prequels did The Force
Awakens is filled with exhilarating action and moves with great pace during these scenes Yet Abrams
knows to slow it down during scenes conveying intense emotion giving the audience time to process
all that is thrown at them These combined make it easy to understand the main characters motivations
making the emotional investment so much better As is typical of Star Wars the movie is full of awe
inspiring visual images and astonishing sound editing creating new sounds for laser beams light
sabers and alien noises The cinematography is equally impressive showing beautiful landscape shots
of new planets reminiscent of the original trilogy The cinematographer also shows us a diverse array
of shots giving heart pounding POV shots inside the cockpit and nice long shots of the battlefield
giving it a great scope while avoiding confusion caused by the numerous explosions John Williams
makes a welcome return to the Star Wars franchise with a bombastic new score but also with nicely
timed inserts of his famous original music to bring up emotional heartwarming feeling among the
oldschool fans In conclusion The Force Awakens is a return to greatness for the Star Wars franchise
This beautiful reunion of old characters combined with the introduction of promising new characters
results in an emotional adventure trip that left me excited for what is coming next To quote Jimmy
Kimmel this movie was probably the most anticipated sequel since the New Testament So expect this
movie to be under the most intense scrutiny by reviewers as they dissect the movie to its core to
find the tiniest IE laughably nonexistent flaws In the end The Force Awakens delivers as a fantastic
Star Wars film and an incredibly worthy addition to the franchiseThis new edition to the Star Wars
franchise is arguably the best by  far It combines the timetested formula with the new and raw ideas
Disney brings to the table From the moment the traditional text crawl  appears this movie will keep
you at the edge of your seat serving you  with actionpacked scenes and unpredictable reveals that
will surely  make you wanting for more  One thing I particularly adored is how this new movie
creativity uses  the Force Disney has steered away from the boring push and pull  concept and found
ways you could never imagine the Force can be applied  and used on  The presence of the old cast was
monumental as it helped the old  audience transition to the new heroes  as they have similar but
also  diverse qualities with their old counterparts The ending as  expected is a major cliffhanger
Expect to walk out of the cinema  dazed amazed and confused as the movie not only answer the old
questions but at the same time unfold new mysteries for the audience  to ponder on Star Wars The
Force Awakens is a movie this generation  should really see I genuinely recommend you see it on IMAX
so you may  experience the Force in a way that will leave you lost in thought in  the days to come
YouarewelcomeI personally did not read the book prior to watching this movie I did not go into the
theater with preconceived ideas or expectations With that being said I was not disappointed at all
Most of the negative reviews this movie is getting is from raging nerds who say its not as good as
the book are they ever This is a great and entertaining movie I absolutely recommend ignoring the
raging nerds and go watch itThe movie is awsome i would like to make you the next movie please this
is movie they can bring new things because is bazed in gameGeeks rejoice Spielberg is back to form I
was privileged to see Ready Player One last night and I still cant stop smiling about it Its very
strange to feel this energised after a film and Ive not felt like this since Avatar I can honestly
say with hand on heart that for me that was the best cinematic experience Ive had in years Oh my God
its a wonderful piece of filmmaking Not only are there so many references to geek culture including
films and TV shows we all love and hold dear but the overall story pacing character development FX
and score are simply perfect Spielberg is in total command here and flexing his muscles Theres many
imitators to his throne remain nameless but no one can touch him when hes doing what he does best
Theres not one single scene in RP1 that felt flat or shouldnt be there and everything flows so
perfectly the 2 hrs and 40 mins flies by Im still smiling over one scene that made me lose my mind
LolIf you can find fault with RP1 you cannot be a film lover but please dont even try to find fault
with it Just go on and let this stunning and fun and loving piece of cinema wash over you Youll be
glad you didReady Player One was first a scifi novel written by Ernest Cline published in 2011
Warner Bros saw so much potential in this novel they bought the rights for its film version a full
year before it was even published Cline adapted his own book into a script with the assistance of
veteran screenwriter Zak Penn With Steven Spielberg signing on to direct in 2015 this film had all
the ingredients for a blockbuster filmIt is 2045 Wade Watt was an orphaned young man who lived in
the Stacks a dystopian slum neighborhood in Columbus Ohio Like everyone else at that time Wade spent
his days going inside the OASIS a virtual world where people can do anything they desire As his
avatar Parzival Wade wanted to win the game challenge left by the late OASIS inventor James Halliday
where anyone who can win three keys leading to an Easter Egg hidden somewhere in the OASIS will
inherit full ownership of the Hallidays invention I first saw lead actor Tye Sheridan in 2015 in two
thematically diverse films like Scouts Guide to the Zombie Apocalypse MY REVIEW and Dark Places MY
REVIEW He then made a strong impression as the young Cyclops in XMen Apocalypse 2016 His role here
as Wade Watts is bound to launch this young 21year old actor into superstardom Although half of the
time we see him as his avatar Parzival Sheridan ably carried the whole film on his shoulders in both
the action and drama components of his role His group of friends in the OASIS were a diverse bunch
of very skilled video game geeks Lena Waithe played Helen Harris whose OASIS identity Aech was a
musclebound male techie and Wades best friend Win Morisaki and Philip Zhao play Japanese gamers
Toshiro and Akihide whose avatars were samurai Daito and ninja Shoto respectively Olivia Cooke
played Samantha Cook a rebel activist in real life and Wades cyber crush Art3mis virtually Although
the book does not have a followup it does not seem impossible if we see this group again in a future
sequel for further adventures of The High FiveMark Rylance was not easily recognized in his unkempt
longhaired geek makeup as the eccentric James Halliday the timid genius who developed a virtual
world to escape the loneliness of the real world Simon Pegg played Hallidays only friend and
business partner Ogden Morrow who later became estranged due to their divergent philosophies Veteran
character actor Ben Mendehlson played the main antagonist character Nolan Sorrento CEO of the
Innovative Online Industries or IOI manufacturers of virtual reality hardware He hired an entire
army of virtual warriors in order to win Hallidays Easter Egg in order for IOI to gain control of
the whole OASIS There was so much subtle tongueincheek humor in his portrayal of a ruthless
character TJ Miller stole scenes as virtual mercenary iR0k whom Sorrento hired to do his virtual
mayhem This film was so much fun to watch with all the pop culture references that abound in it Youd
need repeated watching of this film to catch all those little juicy details hidden in the scenes and
the dialogue You will see King Kong MechaGodzilla Gundam the Iron Giant in all their glory and catch
glimpses of the Batmobile the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Tony Maneros disco moves and many more
The musical soundtrack was steeped in 1980s pop songs beginning with Van Halens Jump from the
opening scene and citations of aha and Duran Duran There were rich references to 1980s movies with
mentions of names like John Hughes Ferris Bueller and Buckaroo Banzai Parzivals car is a DeLorean
from Back to the Future There was entire elaborate segment dedicated to a tribute to the horror
classic The Shining Stanley Kubrick 1980 in what is probably the most fun part of the whole film
Watching a film like this in 3D IMAX is very much worth the additional ticket expense The
computergenerated world of OASIS really came alive threedimensionally for the audience as they are
drawn in and immersed into what is practically what the characters were virtually seeing and
experiencing in their heads From the 1970s all the way to the 1990s Steven Spielberg had given us
some of the most engaging adventure films of all time both by young film fans and old  Jaws 1974
Close Encounters of the Third Kind 1977 Raiders of the Lost Ark 1981 ET the ExtraTerrestrial 1982
Jurassic Park 1993 It is only now that Spielberg had again handled material that showed that he
still had that magic touch when it comes to directing these types of films making them connect with
audiences of all generations 1010Books to movies will always disappoint certain viewers so I dont
even know why people who read them watch them because they are never happyI LOVED this As a gamer myself I love seeing all the games come to life but most of all I love the
story I think it was great I loved this movie I will be seeing this againNO SPOILERS  I promiseBEST
VIDEO GAME THEMED FILM OF ALL TIMEAN INSTANT CLASSIC FOREVERLet me first off state that I have not read the book prior to seeing this
film However I enjoined the film sooo much that I am now interested in buying the book so that I can
see the difference between it and the film adaption This movie is full of nostalgia You feel like
Marty Mcfly in Back to the Future  going back in time only in this case  a journey filled with
absolute nostalgia of pop culture from the 80s and possible some early 90s The entire time you can
spot references or so called easter eggs throughout the entire film You get that feeling of being a
kid again and reliving your childhood if you grew up in those times on a roller coaster ride The
nostalgia is not just other things you see throughout the film but also from some of the lines the
characters in the story use their gestures and even clothing apparel Not to mention the music What a
great choice and what better than using Van Halens Jump in the trailer to let you know youre about
to step back into 80sThe film displays beautiful vivid colors of non stop special effects and the
action is very consistent without long dwelling scenes of nonsense found in other films You feel
like youre enjoying an absolute retro filled vibe through the movie yet it doesnt feel outdated at
all  it feels modern and current with the times Its like Tron meets Wreck it Ralph w a small touch
of maybe say The WizardThe film was an awesome refresher to all the recent most disappointing films
in Hollywood and that old school still has a great touch of simplicity but also powerful creativity
that many film makers could learn from today a message to film makers today  when you over
complicate films or stories you tend to lose a lot of quality in the fun factor The film is NOT
overly cheesy and doesnt make you cringe or soo bad its good in examples of other films like The
Wizard Super Mario Bros Street Fighter Dead or Alive Pixels or Double Dragon etc No this film got it
right The only thing I will say is that it did feel like they could have elaborated on some
essential things that are missing from the book that people have mentioned but hey the film is only
roughly 2 hours its not enough time to cram all of that I could name hundreds of other films that
have come out recently over the last couple years  including this year that are absolutely terrible
with plot holes long dragging needless scenes and didnt make the best usage of a films time But this
movie READY PLAYER ONE did a great job in managing its time among scenes because they spent more
time on the things that people wanted to seeNot to mention the film has a great message that its
trying to get across and that is explained at the endI enjoined the movie soo much that after seeing
it the first time at a standard showing I decided to watch it a second time in Imax Yes it was worth
paying more to see it again on the big screen I took my gf and she loved every bit of the filmHope
you guys found this review to be helpfulGO SEE ITI must admit I had my doubts but RP1 is insanely
goodI dont think Ive ever had that much fun at a movie theatre it truly was an experience Bring your
friends or your kids or anyone and enjoy that ride that is RP1Real classic movie for those gamers
thats exactly how I imagine the world is gonna be in the near future everybody will be playing
online games with VR devices And we should be really careful because we might take less attention to
our life in the real worldThis movie is a must see for family I first off never read the book but I
am part of the generation this movie is referencing toward I had an Atari 2600 Intellivison and
Colecovision I was one of the geeks that would spend weekends playing D and D I was into anime
cartoons and science fiction But as with all of us we all grow older with family and
responsibilities That said I convinced my wife who was never into Scifi or Fantasy movies and my 12
yr daughter and 9 yr son to see this movie with no prior preconceptions The result was that we
absolutely loved itIn the movie the CGI graphics were amazing my kids were glued to the screen
watching all the action and effects There were never any slow or boring parts in the CGI world
Caution The part looking for the second key might be intense for younger kids mine just closed their
eyes All the numerous characters and 80s references my wife and I found definitely gave us nostalgic
smile and laughs during the movieThe seamless action and story of the characters in the real world
was actually riveting and it felt the long movie run time went by fairly quick I thought all the
characters fitted well and not once did my family groan about a characterI know there has been some
negative reviews by people who are comparing it to the book just like the movie Enders Game However
if you look at this movie as it is presented to the viewer it is a fantastic movie My family could
not stop talking about it the last few days I really enjoyed the ending with the final general
message that Spielberg is relaying where true life and happiness comes from That powerful underlying
message was something my kids took out of this movie besides the absolute great storytellingIf you
have kids I strongly recommend you take them to see itMaybe this is my firs time giving a comment on
a movie as a person who enjoy movies i just wanna say thank you for everyone who break a sweat to
make this movie its really satisfying this movie is so epic i love it so muchFor film fanatics like
myself Blade Runner 2049 is a great film for people to see regardless if theyve witnessed the
original or not On the other hand if youve never seen the original Blade Runner and are just a
casual moviegoer that have thought of the promotion for this film as being an actionpacked thrill
ride then Id have to warn to stay far away from this near three hour motion picture Its very hard to
review this film without getting into specific plot details but thats exactly what makes this film
worth the price of admission alone For nearly every reason a film fan should be excited about a
movie here is why Blade Runner 2049 is a must see as soon as possible Before dropping you into this
world with Ryan Goslings character there is text at the beginning that will fill you in on the
history of the events in the past but even though that information is given to you your experience
just wont be the same without having viewed the first film multiple times and remembering the
emotional core of it Set out on a mission to find something of meaning to the overall story Ryan
Goslings character who will remain nameless for the sake of this review uncovers mysteries and
secrets from the past inevitably involving Rick Deckard Quite honestly thats the plot in a nutshell
and the specifics of the film will lead to ruining your experience so lets get technical If not for
anything else Blade Runner 2049 benefits from some of the best cinematography Ive laid my eyes on in
years From the addition of the seamlessly blended visual effects to the mind blowing scenery
constructed by the entire art department I have nothing but praise for this film Whether or not you
find yourself enjoying your experience the visuals alone should have you applauding due to their
incredibly detailed nature I personally found the overall film to be magnificent but when certain
scenes were dialoguefree and asking you to gasp at the imagery thats exactly what I was doing as I
feel many audiences members will Again without giving anything away once Rick Deckard Harrison Ford
enters the picture the way both films sort of interconnect was brilliant in my opinion It does
justice to any loose ends that fans may have wanted in the past as well as create a new story to
gawk at in the process With a terrifically restrained performance by Ryan Gosling youll find
yourself sucked into this world as a fly on the wall as he uncovers these mysteries With the
addition of Harrison Ford giving one of his most sincere and memorable performances as well as Ana
de Armas in a role that really took me by surprise this film was casted to the nines from beginning
to end Some may complain about Jared Leto and Dave Bautista not being included as much but I felt as
though the served the story quite nicely In the end this movie aims to impress SciFi fans across the
world but I feel as though the people who will be looking back on this as a possible classic or at
least one of the best sequels ever made are those whove had the pleasure of indulging in the
greatness that is 1982s Blade Runner I dont say this about films very often especially when talking
about sequels but I havent been this immersed in a theatrical experience in quite some time This is
definitely a superior film than the original its one of the best films of 2017 and Ill be revisiting
it very soon Blade Runner 2049 is getting a lot of praise and awards consideration from critics and
filmgoers across the world and every bit of it is deserved Aside from being very long this is pretty
much a perfect film if you dont try to nitpick how it connects and certain questions that arent
blatantly answered If you know what type of film youre in for or youve at least seen the original
and enjoyed it I cant recommend this movie enoughDenis Villeneuve you magnificent world wonder you
did it againI have seen this film three times in the cinema in 3D 2D and 4DXAnd one of the things i
have noticed with this film is that its not the time in the cinema that takes up my time Its the
hours upon hours in between spent thinking about the film that is the real time consumer This film
left such a deep and profound impact which i cannot escape And Ive gone back to the cinema twice to
be tortured but its worth itIts a dark mysterious grim hopeless sad and lonely film set in a
possible near future where the human race is hanging by their fingertips on the edge of doom So its
quite depressing But its so brilliantly put together the closest master of cinema i think of that
has done something similar is Stanley KubrickMany Stanley Kubrick films were also hated by many when
they first released 2001 A Space Odyssey for example which had gorgeous visuals but felt flat and
hollow for many even professional reviewers back then But what Kubrick did best with his films was
to create afterthought People left the cinema feeling confused and even depressed but the movies
planted a seed which then grew for years The original Blade Runner also accomplished this BR2049 is
no exception this movie will without doubt live on to be interpreted analyzed and discussed for
decades to come The story continues from the original but stands completely on its own it tells a
new story that directly interlink with the original but without trying to be a copy its a natural
continuation in the same universe You dont have to see the original Blade Runner first though i do
recommend it see the final cutBR2049 has some of the most gorgeous visuals i have ever seen and the
cinematography is out of this world there is literally no excuse not to give Roger Deakins the Oscar
this time After 13 nominations he has now knocked the ball out of the park and is this year in his
own league entirely Its confusing to look at something so gorgeous whilst painting a picture of such
a sad and lost world It sort of collides with your senses your eyes say its beautiful your mind say
its depressing Which senses are you going to believe What does it mean At least dont confuse feeling
depressed as a sign that this movie is bad its nothing wrong feeling depressed take it in embrace it
Then you will know how it feels to be a replicant thats trapped in a caged mindBR2049s story happens
30 years after the original and there is three short films on Youtube i recommend you watch These
short films describes some of what happened in between 2019 and 2049 Watching them makes it slightly
easier to understand some of the things going on But the underlying theme is the same as it was in
the original What does it mean to be human What does it mean to have memories What is a soul And so
onThe world has gone darker in 2049 climate is spinning out of control almost all animals and plants
have died People are desperate and lost law enforcement can barely keep anything together and only a
small spark can set of total disaster which is looming just around every corner Niander Wallace has
taken over Tyrell Corp and has by the time 2049 takes place designed millions of obedient replicants
that does exactly what he tells them to do But there is one thing Wallace has not been able to
perfect and thats what the main story is all about and Wallace will do anything in his power to get
his hands on the technology which will result in him becoming many hundred times richer and more
powerful the sole ruler of the entire universe He is so far gone in his mind by 2049 he actually
believes he is god himself and he calls his replicants angelsAnd of course he also uses replicants
to do his dirty work In 2049 we meet his right hand girl Luv Brilliantly played by Sylvia Hoeks if
there is one actor in this movie that steal the show its her Luv is a handygirl so to speak that
perform whatever task she is set to do with no remorse Or is that entirely true I cant spoil
anything but look closely at Luvs character arc All the other actors also do an outstanding job in
this film no bad performances but i cant talk about all of them due to the word limit in these
reviewsBe prepared going to see this film its depressing and heavy on your mind and it demands your
full attention Its one of those rare films who dares to challenge the audience and by doing so
taking a huge risk and a 155 million dollar risk at that The film isnt perfect but its close and it
shows the tremendous skills of Denis Villeneuve And those few mistakes this movie have are probably
just happy little accidents as Rob Ross would have put it This film is very much like a painting
every stroke of the brush matters and every little detail is carefully crafted it takes monumental
skills to pull it ofI loved this film its the best film Ive seen all year It is a must see a
monumental triumph of a film thats just as good possibly even better as the original and one of the
best sequels of all time9710  MasterpieceAnd BTW Villeneuves next movie might be Dune imagine if he
brings Deakins and the rest of this team to make that movie Yeah Im going to leave you with that
thought This is basically pornLet me start by saying that I am a huge Denis Villeneuve fan and
absolutely love every movie he made from his breakthrough drama Incendies to the action thriller
Sicario But when I learned that he was going to make a sequel to Ridley Scotts iconic Blade Runner I
had mixed feelings Would he be able to live up to the expectations and make a sequel that could
measure itself with the original For this reason I went into the cinema thinking This will be a
great movie I am a Villeneuve fan so I have to like it but that was a mistake for once I stopped
expecting and just started experiencing the film I was enchanted by all of its visual beauty I was
wrong to doubt Villeneuve his Blade Runner 2049 even succeeds in transcending in some ways the
original masterpiece especially as a visual experience The bleak dystopian future Scott so perfectly
created is even more beautiful in Villeneuves 2049 for which a lot of credit has to be given to the
brilliant director of photography Roger Deakins who has made one of his best works which says a lot
Every shot is brilliant I loved every single frame and I cannot imagine that he wouldnt get
nominated and win an Oscar for this phenomenal work But also a big thumbs up has to be given to the
entire effects team for Deakins didnt do it all on his own Deakins isnt the only mastermind at work
for the score is also beautifully done When I learned that composer Jóhann Jóhannsson someone who
has collaborated multiple times with Villeneuve and did most of the scores for his movies got fired
I was surprised Jóhannsson has always delivered great work but according to Villeneuve his score
wasnt the right one for this movie for it didnt resemble Vangelis soundtrack for Blade Runner quite
enough So he got replaced by probably the best man in the business nowadays Hans Zimmer And as we
are used to with the German composer this was once again sublime and a great homage to the original
Zimmers 2049 score can be compared to his Dunkirk score in a way that it unsettles us from the first
chord and just as the Second World War movie it keeps us on the edges of ours seats especially
during the last hourAs for the people who are actually situated in front of the camera they all play
their parts very well I was especially happy that Ryan Goslings agent K was indeed the leading man
and he did a very good job I was slightly concerned that it would mostly be about Harrison Fords
Deckard but luckily that wasnt the case Nevertheless Ford gives one of his best performances in
years and after all the iconic roles he played once again in recent years Han Solo Indiana Jones
this is by far the best The smaller but important roles are also noteworthy Robin Wrights Lieutenant
Joshi makes a fierce and convincing police chief while the villain duo Jared Letos Neander Wallace
as the evil head of a corporation at the top of the new world order and his frightening hitwoman Luv
Sylvia Hoeks are also very impressive Last but not least Ana de Armas is also very good as Joi Ks
girlfriend even if she does remind me a lot of Scarlet Johansson in Her and slightly of Alicia
Vikander in Ex Machina but maybe thats something Villeneuve did that on purpose and wanted to pay
homage to these recent but also very good sciencefiction moviesThat said Villeneuve will receive
most of the credit as he should For unlike most of Hollywoods blockbusters nowadays he doesnt simply
deliver us a spectacle with some nice effects or a reboot of the original but he picks up the
threads where Scott left which was a monumental task for the original Blade Runner is one of the
most impressive and iconic movies ever made 2049 continues on the same topics raised by the original
making the sequel worth the 35year long wait it goes further with what was proposed in the first
installment enriching one another It is possible that one day a third installment could be made but
that is only if any director will ever find the courage to make another Blade Runner for the bar is
raised incredibly high I believe that in time Blade Runner 2049 will just as the original one grow
into a cult movie and rightfully so for it is its own movie but just as the original a visually
remarkable achingly human scifi masterpiece I am not going to say more about it because the studio
has been unusually insistent in its pleas to critics and the first movie viewers not to reveal any
plot points but I am glad they did Even if I could go on and on about the movie and the difference
between replicants and humans or is there really much of a difference after all the less you know
the better because 2049 feels at its best when it surprises which is one of Villeneuves greatest
strengths This is a movie best experienced on the biggest screen in your cinema trust me it will be
worth your while As for me I will most likely try and make some free time in my schedule for the
coming days cause I want to go the cinema again guess what Im gonna watchBlade Runner 2049 is the
sequel to the 1982 scifi classic Blade Runner Directed by Denis Villeneuve Arrival Sicario and once
again based on Philip K Dicks novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep it successfully recaptures
just about everything excellent about the original and is a superb sequel to one of the greatest and
most important science fiction films of all timeThirty years after the events of the first film LAPD
Officer K Ryan Gosling works as a Blade Runner retiring old rogue replicants artificial humans
hiding out around the Los Angeles area One day while on a job K discovers a long buried secret in
the yard of a replicant which leads him on a journey to track down former Blade Runner Rick Deckard
Harrison Ford who has been missing for decadesFeaturing amazing visuals and some of the most
philosophical and thoughtprovoking themes since the original Blade Runner 2049 is a masterpiece of
science fiction and is possibly one of the greatest sequels ever made I was transfixed the entire
time to the point where I felt that even blinking would cause me to miss something I wanted to see
The cast was brilliant as well especially Ryan Gosling who does a fantastic job carrying the film as
its lead actor However perhaps best of all is that seeing the original is not a requirement to fully
understand everything that is going on although it would probably still help to have done so
beforehand Im almost certain that author Philip K Dick would be proud of this film I know I amI rate
it a very high 9510I am going to offend when I write how the original Blade Runner left me
disappointed By the end there were too many unanswered questions for me not to feel anything but
jaded Blade Runner 2049 on the other hand left me riveted Ryan Gosling is not exactly synonymous
with action films though from the opening scene he proves himself to be a powerful heroic figure
Unlike the original which toyed with the idea that Deckard was a replicant 2049 adamantly admits to
Ks Gosling status almost immediately Though I could criticise Blade Runner 2049 for its anticlimatic
finish it does three things brilliantly First the film answers the burning questions the original
refused to dignify Secondly the film captures the essence of the originals universe The world feels
lived in where technology and the metal skeletons of architecture blend where clear demographics and
political allegiances exist an us versus them feel emerging that mirrors the world we live in today
Thirdly the film immerses the viewer instantly with not just the mystery of its story but with its
score The sound is thunderous and impactful exploding across the screen with tremendous effect while
the raw visceral musical score accompanies this perfectly serenading us with themes that dont just
resemble in part the original but a unique cyber punk style tooThe effects are phenomenal from the
fluctuating holographic interfaces to the flying cars from the impressive explosions to the
dystopian backwaters which surround the spurring metropolis the effects satisfyingly developing an
imperfect future Although the effects are a necessity in Blade Runner 2049 never does the feature
become overreliant on them the films leads been the driving force of this cinematic achievementThe
films introduction sees K completing his manhunt of Sapper Morton Dave Bautista an older model
replicant who has found some semblance of peace K however finds himself caught up in an even bigger
investigation the ramifications of which could be dire his lieutenant Joshi portrayed effectively by
Robin Wright spurring her infallible asset on It is here we are introduced to Jared Letos Niander
Wallace the mastermind behind the new generation replicants Despite been in only a few scenes his
calculated malice sends cold tones throughout the feature and is further delivered upon by his
assistant Luv Sylvia Hoecks whose lack of decency for human life is frighteningly humanMuch like the
original Blade Runner 2049 questions what makes us human and why in the future we would attempt to
differentiate ourselves from our creation when they begin to adopt our traits Though Goslings K
appears robotic in his movements at times in his relationships especially that with virtual
intelligence Joi the lovely Ana De Armas we witness how human he truly is their romance been as
inventive as it is beautiful The film takes itself very seriously when demonstrating the poignancy
of machines sharing a connection though the themes of slavery and childlabour despite still been
major topics today are only briefly discussedActing greats like the always entertaining Lenny James
Hiam Abbas and Edward James Olmos reprising his role from the original briefly appear and despite
portraying characters with barely enough screen time to be truly appreciated their performances
nonetheless propel the narrative forward Furthermore though Harrison Ford receives second billing it
is not until much later into the film that we are blessed by his on screen presence his version of
Deckard retaining the old shoot first ask questions later routine of his character yet being deeply
melancholic and sympathetic Blade Runner 2049 is at its core a futuristic romance about the
importance of freedom sacrifice and family a film that gives me hope for the future of Hollywood
This feature is possibly the best film I have seen this year Denis Vileneuve again proving himself
to be an outstanding directorThis is an amazing piece of work It has incredible artistry As a visual
exercise it is breathtaking I thought the original was way ahead of its time in creating a milieu a
dystopian world full of disease and commercialism Given the wonders of modern times the world where
this takes place is nonpareil Ryan Gosling is out to eliminate the old replicants because there is a
secret which needs to kept The hierarchy is doing what it can to keep a world event from eliminating
the awful world they have created Goslin has memories but they could have been implanted in him so
he is continually torn by dealing with details that may or may not be true He needs to return to the
place of his childhood Harrison Ford reprises his original role of Deckard now old and living in the
ruins of Las Vegas Evil is in control but there is hope The final scenes are incredible and puzzling
but it is a great challenge to the viewerFrom an original 1982 theatrical showing to a Beta
videotape to a standard laserdisc to a deluxe Criterion letterbox laserdisc to a DVD to a
highdefinition bluray Ridley Scotts Blade Runner has been viewed countless times in the original
voiceover version the European cut the directors cut and the final cut over the 35 years that
followed its release All those memories have not been lost in time like tears in rain but rather are
indelible images from one of the greatest science fiction films Thus any thought of a sequel evokes
mixed emotions Despite the involvement of Ridley Scott the results could be another disaster like
More American Graffiti or an undistinguished but palatable followup like 2010 or a companion
masterpiece like The Godfather Part II Fortunately Blade Runner cultists can breathe a sigh of
relief while Blade Runner 2049 may fall short of the unqualified masterpiece status of The Godfather
sequel at least on an initial viewing the film enhances and builds upon rather than diminishes the
original however only time will determine if BR2049 will enjoy the same repeatability as the first
film and join it as a timeless classicFresh from his outstanding work on Arrival director Denis
Villeneuve helmed BR2049 with a steady hand and attention to detail which were likely guided or
inspired by Ridley Scott Set thirty years ahead of the original film Roger Deakinss careerbest
cinematography captures a future that is colder and bleaker than that portrayed by Jordan
Cronenweths original work which has a warmer tone However Deakinss cooler hues are appropriate for
2049 Los Angeles where snow has replaced rain and holographs rule rather than neon Warm or cool the
atmospherics in both films are equally dazzling The aurals are as captivating as the visuals the
haunting music by Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch evokes the original Vangelis score without
plagiarizingThe casting is also superb with Ryan Gosling spot on as K the blade runner whose job
like Deckards in the original film is to retire renegade replicants While the role may lack showy
moments for an actor Goslings tall lean figure and enigmatic face create an image possibly more
enduring than that of Harrison Ford in the original Both Ford as an aging Rick Deckard and Edward
James Olmos as a retired Gaff return to link the sequel to the first film Among the newcomers Robin
Wright is well cast as Goslings deadly serious deathly pale Lieutenant Joshi of the LAPD Ford and
Olmos are not the only returnees an origami figure and a small wood carving wordlessly connect the
two Blade Runner films and implanted memories flying cars outsized advertising and transparent
plastic raincoats also have encoresBlade Runner cultists are best served seeing the sequel knowing
little the story unfolds as a policeman sent in pursuit of a mystery that expands upon threads in
the original movie Tthe films length is arguably excessive especially for those unfamiliar with the
original and Blade Runner novices may be left behind by a leisurely narrative that prizes visuals
above action However Blade Runner 2049 is that rarity of movie sequels a film that enhances and
elevates the original yet stands on its own as a masterful film The passage of time will determine
if Blade Runner 2049 and Blade Runner become the inseparably coupled films that The Godfather and
The Godfather Part II have become but all the elements are in placeBeautiful image very good acting
good story with powerful symbolism and bad music That sums up the movie For excessive verbosity and
selfimportant attitude you can read other reviews below Stayed true to the original in many ways and
thats important for fans of the original BR Remember that the original BR had a pretty cold
reception in the early 80s Who knows how this one will be perceived a decade from now And yes I do
miss Vangelis the movie really came to life when they played pieces of his original music Zimmer
just didnt seem to understand the projectThose who complain that the movie is long and slow clearly
have the attention span of a 5yearold and should probably stick to Fast  FuriousBlade Runner 2049
could have been more but it could have been a lot less too Thankfully enough it wasnt Im not
ecstatic but not disappointed at all and I realize that my expectations have been incredibly high I
will go see it a second time for sureEDIT Oct 13 after seeing the movie a second time in 3D Id like
to upgrade my rating from 8 to 10 if yall dont mind Blade Runner 2049 is a 150milliondollar gift to
a small but dedicated fan group of the original movie Thank you for that gift I dont think theres
any sequel in the history of cinema that stays true to the original to the point where even the
tiniest details  noticeable only by hardcore fans whove watched BR 1982 thirty times  are being
transplanted into this new film And no BR 2049 did not make Blade Runner mainstream as some complain
here On the contrary it kept its secrets open only to the same group of initiates with the
possibility of others from the younger generation to join if they have what it takes As many of the
reviews below testify this movie still remains a mystery to most people out there whose ability to
digest abstract ideas is unfortunately very lowThis is my updated review as I feel I did not do the
movie justice and I have also increased my score of the movieI was one of the lucky ones who got to see an early preview And the more that time passes by and the
more the story of Blade Runner 2049 sinks in the more the gravity of the story hits me First of all
it really was not what I was expecting I had watched many trailers and interviews and I feel like I
had done quite a successful job in staying away from spoilersAndWithout spoiling it for anyone else and giving too much away Whatever you think you know about the
film well forget it Youre way off the markThe best advice I can give though is however dark you think Blade Runner 2049 is Its darker than
that Its much darker than the original And the original was quite dark The cinematography is
beautiful it really is stunning but the film itself did I mention it was dark I think this is
amplified excuse the pun by the movies soundtrack The work of Hans Zimmer and Benjamin Wallfisch was
for me at times malevolent And perhaps if the music wasnt so dark and hostile the movie itself
wouldnt come across like that also But then what do I know Thats not to say the music is bad It was
for me like I said malevolent As for the movie itself Again without giving too much away Its a story
of loneliness A story of wanting nothing more than to be accepted Its a story of desperate hope and
anguish Wanting for a better life Replicants being more human than humans being more perfect than
humans but not being human and wanting nothing more than to be human even for all the faults the
human race has and the perfection of the replicant race Still the desperate hope and anguish of
wanting to be human Are you keeping up And this whole time living in a dystopian world where the
future of the human race is a lost cause and Mother Earth has never looked so heartbrokenSpeaking of heartbreak again without spoiling the story be prepared the whole story is a story of
heartbreak and literally at every turn Ryan Gosling is having his heart broken whether that be his
relationships with others or his life in general For me Ryan Gosling has a knack of playing the
lonely leading role and he has done this on a few occasions now both in the movies  Drive and Only
God Forgives which I hope he doesnt end up being typecast in but saying that I dont think there is
an actor alive today who can play the role of being totally isolated from the rest of the world
better than Ryan GoslingBlade Runner 2049 did have some nice surprises which again I wont spoilIn closing Ryan Gosling is excellent It is Harrison Fords best work for years This overall review
may sound like Im being negative about Blade Runner 2049 But Im not Im really notI should also
mention the performances from the female leading acts in the show Ana de Armas Robin Wright and
Sylvia Hoeks are all very very good and each and every one of them Including all the crew should be
proud of such a beautiful sequel As for where it stands next to the original I never thought Id hear
myself saying this but I think as years pass by it will stand next to the original Blade Runner
quite easily Its not the same movie as the original but it is as good as the original in its own
rightI think Ryan Gosling said it best in an interviewThe film is incredible its hauntingWith this in mind a few days have passed now and I am still left with a feeling of being haunted by
Blade Runner 2049So much so that I want to see it again and I will go and see it again and again and againJust like I did the originalBlade Runner 2049 is incredibleItsHauntingTo be honest with the reader of this review I had never seen the first Blade Runner however
it had been near the top of my must watch science fiction movie list in my head for a very long
while now and I decided to watch this movie expecting an exciting scifi blockbuster with
actionpacked car chases rolling in all over the place Surprisingly this film was not the good
actionpacked popcorn fun for the whole family that I was expecting and the film actually takes the
slower more patient and realistic approach with its storytelling rather than a lot of car chases and
rushed editing This is a very similar film to the likes of A Fistful Of Dollars because the main
character Ryan Gosling resembles the personality of Clint Eastwoods character in A Fistful Of
Dollars the musical score carries away the movie like A Fistful Of Dollars the pacing remains slow
however manages successfully to keep our interest like A Fistful Of Dollars and the film carries an
incredibly dark bleak tone much like A Fistful Of Dollars Im glad I saw this movie earlier than most
people because then I can write a good review for this movie so that more people can consider
watching it before the negative remarks start coming in Before those come in let me remind you that
this movie is pure bleak raw and dark sciencefiction to the core that goes with the dedication to
telling a story rather than the dedication to kill as much people as possible It goes with the more
slow approach which some people may find a bad thing but others like me will find a good thing But I
think something all viewers will respect here in this movie is the intense cinematography that is
common in a lot of other Denis Villeneuve movies and the fascinating special effects as well as the
subtle performances by Ryan Gosling who understands the character he is playing and doesnt overdo it
Ryan Goslings character is an interesting one because although he is emotionless and straight
forward we as the viewers can detect that there is more to this character and throughout the movie
we slowly start to see a bit more of his own self Blade Runner 2049 focuses mostly on the main
character and if you are going to see this movie expecting Harrison Ford to have a lot of screen
time that is similar to the length of Ryan Goslings screen time youre very wrong because Harrison
Ford only plays a minor role in this movie which is although important not the main focus of the
movie Even if someone can view this movie as a sciencefiction movie someone can also view this movie
as a character piece instead depending on their preference because of how much dedicated focus is on
the main characterWhen the movie was finished and all was done despite the reasonably long runtime I
still felt that the movie should of been even longer Because I dont like to be sentimental I gave
myself thirty seconds and then I got up from my chair and walked out as the credits rolled despite
me still being in a very deep emotional zone however I want you to know that the emotional zone was
almost impossible to get out of As I was walking out I still saw a person watching the credits in
his chair and I understood that he was also in a very deep emotional state and people usually do
that so that they look cool to their friends but the person I saw really was in an emotional zone  I
could tell I could also tell that I wasnt the only one that enjoyed this movie in the room and I was
relieved because I was a bit afraid that people wouldnt like it because of its more slower approach
than other sciencefiction movies I was incredibly glad that someone else understood the style of the
movieIm not going to spoil any more of the movie but I will leave a last note to say that Blade
Runner 2049 is an incredibly dark and intense movie that is probably one of the best sciencefiction
movies Ive seen that has been made in the last five years so it very much is a masterpiece If a
futuristic version of A Fistful Of Dollars sounds bloody good to you then youd be killing yourself
if you didnt pay this movie a visit at your nearest cinema In my personal opinion the film was most
definitely a masterpiece and it has me even more excited for seeing the original starring Harrison
Ford in the main roleOnce upon a time and not that long ago in the vivid fertile imagination of
author JK Rowling a character was born  A boy  A young boy named Harry who was destined to become
one of the most beloved characters to emerge from a work of fiction in a long long time and was
quickly embraced by young and old alike in all corners of the world  And now thanks to the magic of
the cinema Harry and his companions fairly leap from the pages of the novel to the silver screen in
the phenomenal motion picture Harry Potter and the Sorcerers Stone directed by Chris Columbus and
written for the screen by Steve Kloves  Indeed Harry Potter is a boy but not just any boy because
Harry Daniel Radcliffe just happens to be a wizard  But orphaned as a baby Harry has been raised by
his Aunt Petunia Fiona Shaw and Uncle Vernon Dursley Richard Griffiths who never let him in on the
fact that he was well what he was  It seems that Petunia didnt approve of her own sister Harrys
mother because she was a witch nor of Harrys father because he too was a wizard  When Harry turns
eleven however the secret is out of the bag when after some strange goingson a giant of a man named
Rubeus Hagrid Robbie Coltrane shows up at the Dursleys door to collect Harry and take him off to
Hogwarts a school for wizards and witches and all who would perfect the gift with which they were
born  The gift of magic  And from the moment Harry boards the train from station platform
nineandthreequarters that will take him to his destiny the magic is alive for Harry and for the
audience as well and its a journey you will never forget  What a monumental undertaking to even
think of attempting translating and transferring this passionately beloved work from novel to the
screen Because to millions of people Harry and his companions are so much more than merely
characters in a book these are characters for whom people have made a special place in their hearts
which puts a great burden of trust upon the man who would attempt to bring them to life  And Chris
Columbus it turns out was the right man for the job  More than rising to the occasion and with some
magic of his own and a lot of help from an extraordinarily talented cast and crew Columbus has
delivered a film that is not only true to the story but true to the very spirit that makes Harry
Potter so special  The special effects are absolutely beyond astounding and Columbus with a keen eye
for detail and without missing a beat keeps it all on track and moving right along at a pace and
with a sense of timing that makes this an absorbing thoroughly entertaining and enjoyable experience
from beginning to end  From the opening frame you get the feeling that youre about to have a
singular experience and youre right Because youve just entered the world of Harry Potter  And its
magic   Even having the best special effects do not a great movie make however and this film is no
exception what catapults this one to the top are the performances beginning with Radcliffe whom you
quickly forget is an actor playing a part  And that about sums up what kind of a job this young man
does here  Without question he IS Harry Potter physically and emotionally and when he waves his wand
and does what he does you believe it  A wonderful performance by a gifted actor who has a great
career ahead of him without question the perfect choice for the role of Harry   Also turning in
excellent performances are Rupert Grint as Ron Weasley and Emma Watson as Hermione  As with
Radcliffe the casting here could not have been more perfect  Grint is Everyboy with that special
glint in his eye and a manner that makes him especially endearing  And the spunky Watson adds some
real sparkle to the film as Hermione the one with the sense of urgency and the wherewithal to get
things done a real role model for young girls everywhere      Its obvious that a lot of care went
into the casting of this film and its a big part of why it is so successful  Richard Harris as
Headmaster Albus Dumbledore Maggie Smith as Professor McGonagall John Hurt as Mr Ollivander Ian Hart
as Professor Quirrell  Exceptional performances from one and all with two that stand out as
especially memorable  Robbie Coltrane who readily conveys the fact that Hagrids heart is of a size
that matches that of the man and Alan Rickman as Professor Severus Snape deliciously droll while
demonstrating menace through the fine art of articulation       The additional supporting cast
includes John Cleese Nearly Headless Nick Warwick Davis Professor Flitwick Julie Walters Mrs Weasley
Zoe Wanamaker Madame Hooch Tom Felton Draco Malfoy Harry Melling Dudley and David Bradley Filch
From Rowlings imagination to the written page to real life albeit via the movie screen Harry Potter
and the Sorcerers Stone is a triumph many times over a unique film of truly universal appeal the
likes of which is as rare as well a sorcerers stone  A film in which adults and children alike will
rejoice because it speaks to the heart in a universal language of life love experience and
imagination a film that states unequivocally that magic exists as long as theres a single child with
a single dream somewhere in the world and real wizards like JK Rowling Chris Columbus Steve Kloves
and every member of this wonderful cast and crew around to bring it to life as they have here  An
instant classic in every sense of the word this is truly a film for the ages  A remarkable
achievement this IS the magic of the movies  I rate this one 1010Theres nothing like the first in a
series is there The introduction to the characters the immersion into the fictional world the first
time you laugh cry care and fear for someones safety can never be repeated No matter how many Harry
Potter movies they crank out or if they ever remake them in the future none will come close to the
wonderful first film Harry Potter and the Sorcerers StoneIm sure everyone has their own childhood
memories of reading the Harry Potter books that theyll tell their grandkids about but Ill never
forget going to see the first movie in the theaters The lights dimmed John Williamss perfect theme
played its first notes as Richard Harris walked down Privet Drive and everyone in the theater was
transported to another world John Williamss numerous themes all wonderful and a personification of
the wizarding world took the early movies to another level As other composers tried their hands at
the later films that quality was missing Theres something truly special about going to see this
movie on the big screen and while the magical qualities might not all be credited to the music its
certainly one of themWelcome to the world of Harry Potter where if youre a tenyearold kid who doesnt
fit in you might get a letter delivered by an owl telling you you have magical powers and should go
to a special school to hone them Believe it or not there are people who watch this movie without
reading the books so a bit of description is necessary Obviously the stars of the show are the
children who were selected out of millions of other kids to be able to memorize lines not look in
the camera endear themselves to worldwide audiences and hopefully act Daniel Radcliffe Emma Watson
Rupert Grint and Tom Felton are so cute and tiny in this first movie youll undoubtedly find yourself
rewatching it as the years pass just to see them as kids again I always marvel that child actors
train themselves not to look in the camera so even if their performances arent perfect I cut them
slack knowing firsthand how hard it is And these kids had to dress in funny costumes recite
incantations without laughing and pretend theyre looking at things that were added in post
productionUsually in kids movies theres a grownup or two who add to the cast and make the adult
audience members feel less silly that theyre watching it In the Harry Potter movies everyone wanted
to be in them Throughout the series youll see a host of familiar faces as guest stars but the
regulars will make special places in your heart Richard Harris Maggie Smith Alan Rickman and Robbie
Coltrane are household names for little kids because theyre so convincing as the kindhearted
Dumbledore the wizened but sentimental McGonagall the endlessly mimicable Snape and the jolly Hagrid
kids today cant imagine theyve had any other career prior to these movies Is there any kid who
doesnt immediately attribute the word earwax to Richard Harris point out striped cats as Maggie
Smith cats mumble Shouldnt have said that when they make a mistake or practice putting pauses in
their sentences like Alan RickmanFirst movies are so special since they introduce audiences to a
world that will hopefully capture their attention for however many more movies will be made In JK
Rowlings fantasy world theres so much to fall in love with and in the film adaptation you can really
believe it exists Seeing the Hogwarts structure for the first time creates a special feeling in your
heart that can only be recaptured by watching the movie again or going to see the next in the series
The Great Hall Quidditch the Sorting Hat talking portraits flying lessons selecting the perfect
wandall these Harry Potter moments are perfectly recreated in the first of a series that saw an
entire generation grow up buying toy wands and trying Bertie Botts Every Flavor BeansEach
installment has its special moments and this first one has quite a few even outside of the
exposition If a threeheaded dog doesnt immediately conjure the name Fluffy chess pieces have never
come to life in your imagination you dont laugh at the idea of counting your birthday presents and
you dont know what Richard Harris wants most in the world youre missing out on one of the great joys
in life If somehow 2001 passed you by without a trip to the movie theaters Thanksgiving weekend go
find yourself a copy of this iconic lovely movieThis movie is a delight for those of all agesI have
seen it several times and each time I am enchanted by the characters and magicThe cast is
outstanding the special effects delightful everything most believableYou have young Harry a
mistreated youth who is Just Harry to himself And then he embarks on a most beautiful adventure to
the Hogwarts schoolHe meets Ron and Hermione one an adorable mischief maker the other a very tense
and studious young ladyTogether the trio try to set things right in the schoolIts the ultimate
fantasy for young and oldWhen I knew the film was being made I thought how could they make a film
that would be up to the standard of such a perfect book But they did Sure they missed bits out but
they captured the essence of the book brilliantly One member of the cast was miscast for me but my
children disagreedI even found myself believing they were flying and not wondering how are they
doing that So 10 out 10 Warner Brothers Bring on the next oneWhen I first saw this movie I was ten
years old the same age the characters where supposed to be My older cousin and her boyfriend took me
to the Mall to watch a movie Back then I wasnt going very often to the cinema due to the fact that
my parents didnt have time and I wasnt old enough to go alone to any theater The movie captivated my
attention like nothing before and I became so interested in anything that had to do with this movie
and I heard that it was made after a book I didnt had Internet back then but I found the first book
at a library and convinced my mother to buy it Thats how I became obsessed with reading and writingI
may say Harry Potter affected me in a positive way because after I finished reading all the
published books back then I wanted to read more books and I must thank JKRowling for her genius if
it wasnt for her books I might have been right now an average seventeen year old at some party
drinking my brains out This movie got me to the right path in lifeI know you probably dont care
about my story you readers only want to hear about what I thought of the movie but I believe my
story can influence you if you are a parent and thinking whether or not you should let your children
watch this film My advice is yes and I have presented my reason aboveThe story is simply magical and
Hogwarts is a genius invention The movie is done well almost perfect Its the closest to the book
they can get and its an amazing experience for any kidHarry Potter movies are one of my favorite
ones and I can watch them several times I watch it every time its on TV and there is one channel
that shows all the series of this incredible movie every time after the new year I also want to
mention that even my family members like to watch it with me My grandmother especially likes it This
fact indicates that this movie is interesting not only for children but also for elderly people and
its not weird for me There are so many things going on in this movie so many secrets and beautiful
scenes Plus a big thanks for the graphics of the movie everything is very realistic For example the
mermaids or the dinosaurs Moreover there is a massive animatronic creature in this movie spider and
after watching the movie google about it and found out that Rupert Grint the actor who plays Ron
Weasley one of the main characters is afraid of spiders just s much as his character is and said it
was easily the scariest scenes to film Im scared of spiders too and I know how it feels when you see
them Thus I really appreciate the job that this actor did In my opinion despite the fact that he had
to play again a guy who was scaring from spiders it is again hard to play the role by looking at the
creature that gives you goosebumps Thus this movie not only good in graphics but also the castI
watch this movie again in 2019 because i think it was an amazing movie n i miss the point of the
movie when i watch it as a child I only focusing on the magic thingIts good for a children to watch this movie i think it tells not only about friendship but also
family bravery and sincerityWatching this also makes me remember my childhood days it bring back all memories i cherish the mostreally love itA legendary beginning to a legendary franchise The story of the film is great Each
role fits perfectly with the actor Has great CGI and visuals Cant stress this enough go watch itIn
many ways the best of the franchise so far I was free from any anticipation for this film being not
overly impressed by the fantasy genre This film redeems itself above other sorcery films with its
old fashioned English ambiance being greater than arch and portentous fantasyUnlike other fantasy
films the directors face the challenge of a highly critical audience of children who are more
familiar with the books that they are  waiting expectantly for their favorite part of the book and
would tear the director to ices if he was there in their anger such omissions Any changes in the
film would be seen as desecrating the fantasy world that Rowling created In the production of the
first film this was a contention in preproduction As a faithful rendering of the book squeezed into
a twoandahalf hour period the movie is beautifully done as far as special effects go The actors
although experienced are let down by the younger cast not being trained and coming from a stage
school background with the exception of the lead show the typical stiltedness of such training
Daniel Radcliffe has been accused of being too subdued in the title role but as he becomes older he
character does become more sombre Alos it allows the other characters oddities to shine more clearly
in contrast to his quieter styleThe Harry Potter film series are the best magical movies to date The
movies talk on Harrys parents and their struggle with Voldemort as well as touch on Harrys past
present and future as a wizard The acting throughout all movies are phenomenal with performances
from Daniel Radcliffe Emma Watson and Rupert Grint No one couldve played these roles better in my
opinion My personal favourite is Chamber of SecretsMost awesome film I had watched that year and
still is good to watch again best film of my childhood and is full of some good action scenes
throughoutYou know that part of being human where you need things to matter a lot Theres no escape
from it This movie does it for me and can satisfy anyone else Strong dramatic decision made in this
one Powerful time stunning move when Seeker climbs on the bars of a cesna plane and salutes walking
by people who dont know who he isA movie about cool cars that turn into freaken robots Add in alot
of humour a dash of romance and some great action scenes What more do you needThis was the first
film in the transformers franchise and the one that is concidered the best of them and like Michael
bays previous films before this here he takes the has to figures and makes it into a sci fi film it
has army rangers working at a military base and a deception comes and attacksMeanwhile later Sam
played by Shia labeof is a school kid who trlls about his great grandfather archibald and how he
explored the arctic circle and here the film has a decent storyline and unlike the sequels this one
was the most coherent of them all while I find the first two sequels enjoyable and the fourth and
fifth installments not good and the worst of the series this one is the best and the most enjoyable
and interesting the film also has Megan fox who plays mikaela she does a mediocre performance but
that doesnt effect the film its still a god sci fi film mothers its like in ET and like how Steven
Spielberg made it charming with a beard here Michael bay makes his own and he killed it he captured
it brilliantly a lot of series of events happen like when all the other autobots arrive and the
leader optimus talks how they are trying to stop the deceptions and it also tells that there was
some of the all sparks cordinantes on the glasses that have ended up in the possession of witwicky
and they also explain that archibald accidentally reactivated megatonLater more charachters come
such as agent Simmons of sector seven played by John turturro who gives a fine performance and they
capture bumblebee who was the first auto or who came to earth and was sams car the other autobots
ironhode ratchet and the leader optimus prime later continue their mission then when all the humans
including Sam makaela and the other team members find megaton Dorsey up he then awakens and signals
all the deceptions and then escapesLater a battle in Chicago happens with autobots fighting the
deceptions and as you se this is were the biggest action is done and Michael bay gives his best
directing performance and like I also said he is one of the best action directors he is the Martin
Scorsese of action movies and he directs it well I ca easily tell what is going on and in the end
megaton is defeated when Sam is tasked to push the cube into optimus chest so he can sacrifice
himself but instead pushes it into megatroms chest and later the film ends with autobots back
togeather and this is how they started to work with humans and defend the planetThis is among the
best summer blockblusters of all time and is among bays best movies I get how he has been loved
admired and praised by moviegoers and film critics and here its among his greatest directing debuts
this film deserved oscars for best director bay  best picture best screenplay best sound editing
best sound mixing best visual effects best cinematography best film editing best original score and
best original songI would definetly ask people to check it out if they want a good movie and pure
entertainmentTransformers is without doubt one of the best summer blockblusters of 2007 it has great
character development and a decent storyline it start out with millitary men on a plane landing to
their base were lieutenant lenox does his job and then scypes with his family and their newborn
child as well as talking with the leader of the army rangers surviving team then an unidentified
helicopter which turns to be a decepticon named blackout who was persuaded by his scorponok shows up
and the men target it to step down but then forms and makes a cybertronic sound or call it a sound
wave cause deceptions use it when they prepare an attack or doing then it just transformers and then
the soldiers begin firing on it but they dont stop it it just keeps destroying and attacking the
base destroying planes and causing massive explosions just so he can hack into the quatar base but
then fails to find the information and network about the all spark meanwhile it also opens with
prime talking how cybertron became corrupt and that the autobots who are the good transformers were
once in the same alliance as the deceptions who are the bad and evil transformers they then became
involved in a civil war together which drove them apart and becoming arch enemies with each other by
megatron seeking his glory for the cube Optimus then tries to make the all spark jettisoned later
then parts of the spark which are written in a mysterious form are vanished in the underground of an
ice which a big great captain whos name is archibald whitwicky the great great grandfather of an
autistic kid sam witwicky discovers and finds it next to a fallen megatron whom he accidentally
activates and then dies from the loud deadly sound of when a cybertronian awakens later sam witcicky
himself talks about his great great grandfather in school where he kind of loses control and the
part of this major blockbluster and well made action sci fi teaches about how it is like to be
autistic and how it can be solved like in other movies like rain man and amelie which also have
stuff about autistic people though this movie is mostly good at showing how a very fine sci fi
action film with lots of well done cgi can be made witwicky also meets up with a hot girl named
mikaela played by megan fox who is to be his then girlfriend witwicky asks her if he can take him
out and she agrees they communicate together in a fine manner even though some things in hand can
get very annoying sam here has alot of annnoying acts when he yells out and especially in a scene
where he thinks someone stole his car while that car turns out to be the autobot bumblebee which i
think is probably one of the best and most well developed characters and autobots in the films but
then witwicky gets tricked into making the police think that he is the thief and that when sam
called the police saying someone stole his car they find out that the man who called them is the
thief while he isnt and sam tries to tell them that he is not the thief and that the thief got away
but the police still yell and tell him to put his arms up later in the pentagon secretary of defense
john Keller played by jon voight does a big investigation about the attack that happened like a
detective he portrays him really well even though he speaks like he is not serious but actually is
Then there is another scene and moment where a mini deception named frenzy who unlike other giant
transformer robots transforms into a radio he hacks into the air force one and downloads all the
information about the files of the glasses the workers of the control find that the system is being
hacked and try to look for the frenzy but when they find him they lose the battle over him frenzy
kills all who stand in his way and then is picked up by the police car deception barricade and which
inside the car there is a hologram of a man driving the car which the transformers also use in
disguise when transforming into vehicles so they can blend in from the humans noticing or
recognizing their presence there is also a scene where to people named maggie and glen are arrested
after they discovered messages saying project iceman sector 7 and capt witwicky himself which are
all classified then sam is attacked by the police decepticon barricade who asks him if he is
username 217 sam replies he is but is still attacked  then sam runs into mikaela and they both run
until then bumblebee fights barricade and then frenzy comes and sam attacks frenzy and breaks him to
pieces where then a piece of frenzy transformers into a cell phone then mikaela herself and sam
discover that the car is a transformer suspecting it as an alien they find out that it talks and
they go for a ride with it later at the final hour all of the autobots arrive to earth as protoforms
and they all use their scanning devices to scan the vehicles and transform into them sam and mikaela
then meet the autobots and their leader optimus prime and tells them about their story of how they
were betrayed and that they came to their planet earth declaring it unknown to them but eventually
announce it as their home Optimus introduces them the names of the other autobots and then says that
they need help to get to the all spark which is the cube before the decepticons and their evil
leader megatron get to it they then roll out to sams house where they try to hide from his parents
but then there is a very funny yet weird scene where sams pet dog mojo peas on autobot ironhides
legs and the dog gets criticised by sam after being told that he pissed on ironhide then later the
agents of secter seven led by simmons played by john turturro capture them and then find out about
the robots then there is another funny scene where bumblebee urinates on simmons they get in
persuade and then the other agents then capture bumblebee later the charachters lennox epps sam
mikkaela and also maggie  glen and the autobots later reunite at hoover dam and are led by many
defenses including kellar there at the dam bumblebee if being frozen and the autobots led by optimus
prime still do their duty in order to save bubmblbee and they also get pulled to the area where
megatron is being frozen and they all discuss what was happening and that they unfreeze bumblebee so
that he can show them were the cube is and protect them with it  meanwhile megatron however is still
active and alive and contacts starscream who is already near the dam and the other decepticons and
then megatron flees and the men and armed forces try to fight them but they escape later  the
autobots get into the fight on the highway with optimus prime defeating one of the decepticons and
then they all come to the city where starscream blends into a jet next to the other flight forces
and attacks them  they try to fire on him but fail and then flee prime arrives at the city and
fights with Megatron  while the Autobots and the deceptions engage in full combat with the tank
deception and the helicopter deception  the action scenes here are very well shot and entertaining
and the acclaimed action movie director michael bay clearly shows us how we can turn cool action
figures into a sci fi movie its all done like he was the one who made the toys and figurines and
then later planned to do it with all the effort he had and then he finally succeeded with it at last
he chose an interesting cast and if not that good of a cast still they all did good in the film
including Megan fox who wasnt the best thing about the movie but still she wasnt too bad what the
makers have done is create another visually spectacular popcorn flick that this time is not really a
guilty pleasure but is a very well worth watching action flick and all the Michael bay fans will be
impressed with what he did back at the time and before then when he made other great masterpieces
and classics like armageddon  the rock bad boys and pearl harbor  he has alot of creative force and
many admirers who are mostly the audiences and not necesarrily the critics who dont really care much
on michael bay seeing that he can also make not so good movies too but for the truth he is a great
director and one of the best hollywood directors of the 21st century  the film ends with sam
carrying the cube  being chased by megatron he nearly gets to it but is then saved by optimus prime
who plans to sacrifice himself by telling sam to push the cube into his chest but instead shoves it
in negatrons chest killing megatron prime then is proud of sam because he made the right choice and
all the autobots reunite with the humans and other special forces for thanking them all for all
their courage and bravery and this is what this film shows and it all proves Michael bay can be a
talented filmmaker who usually does not make stupid garbage movies and instead makes decently well
done intelligently awesome gem films  my final grade score for this film is AIve seen probably close
to 1000 movies at the theater including every single major release over the past 15 years Ive seen
crowds get up and leave after 10 minutes Ive seen crowds all jump and scream at the most frightening
of scenes Ive seen crowds cry togetherTransformers took me back to the rerelease of Star Wars A New
Hope back in the 90s and then went much further From the start of the movie the entire theater here
in San Antonio got very involved Clapping cheering and even a bit of hooting were commonplace
throughout the filmFirst let me tell you who carried this film The Robots and Shia Lebouf Of course
the Autobots were the main attraction but they went well beyond that by being absolutely stunning
When Blackout lands at Soccent Forward AFB in Qatar gasps were heard throughout the theater I found
myself literally in awe just staring at him every chance I could get unfortunately causing me to
miss a good bit of what else was going onShia Lebouf did a wonderful job of playing an awkward
teenage boy from start to finish His first speech in class trying to hock his Grandfathers valuables
was disconcerting to someone like me who treasures their family but very understandable I was a
teenager once and remember quite well that Id have done just about anything to buy my first car In
one of his final scenes when hes on top of the building cornered hanging off of a statue and
Megatron on the verge of fulfilling his hunt for the AllSpark he seemed very genuinely scared and
yet steadfast in his desire to do the right thingAnd if it is possible to put humanity in a digital
robotic creation of ILM they accomplished it with Bumblebee Not only was his humor poignant and sly
but very heartwarming If you could believe that your car loved you back Bumblebee could pull it
offFor those of you who are hardcore old school fans of the series and looking for your goodies you
will not be disappointed From Shias nervous flirtation with Fox good name for her that leads to him
explaining that hes More than meets the eye to many of the lines directly from the original series
and movie Michael Bay didnt let you downThis is the first movie in years Ive been able to give a
1010 rating Ive read several other reviews already some very disparaging and I have to say this Send
a 10 year old to review Sense  Sensibility and youre most likely going to get a very nasty review
Dont send 60 year old knowitall movie critics to review this for you because those that actually go
see it will most likely never agree with them and get nothing from your reportingI loved it had tons
of fun from beginning to end Come check this out if you are a fan of both action movies andor
comedies Its a good movie to watch with your family or at a party Lets not forget all the hot chicks
in this movie am I right Lol This movie may not be as good as The Rock but its still a blast to
watch and shame on you if you dont go out and watch it because you will be missing out big time and
thats never a good thing now is itThis is an outstanding movie on several levels Between
TransformersBad Boys 2Armageddon and Pearl Harboramong othersMicheal Bay is one of my favorite
directors Well Done Micheal BayJohn RogersRoberto Orci Alex Kurtzman and everyone else who had
something to do with this moviePeter Cullen is the voice of the Peterbuilt big truck Optimus
PrimeThis is at least the second time Peter Cullen has voiced Optimus PrimePeter Cullen is a
permanent AA list actorMegan Fox Rachel Taylor and Julie White is hotOne Truck Drivers
OpinionerldwgstruckermoviescomTransformers is a really good movie its got really good action scenes
its got the best plot and good character development and the action scenes are well spaced out and
an exceptional third act but the best part of the movie is megatronWell lets start off with the
critics People say that the movie lacks plot Plot What plot Its an ACTION movie built around SciFi
CG Since when do these need a plotNext step is the dirtystupid TEENAGER humour Yes indeed  loads of
it But hey havent you all guru people ever wanted to go back to your younger years and do something
unspeakably cheesy Not that the movie is a masterpiece prank but look around you  teenagers
conquering the internet with their testosteronefilled jokes and nobody saying a word about it I
agree the humour is rather teenage for some veteran viewers but are such people numerous No The
jokes are not that astronomically stupid and do actually crack a laugh Some people even said oh god
half of the theatre was laughing it was so horrible And whats bad in that huh The jokes arent that
bad if YOU dont like them and a dozen of people do Im not even mentioning the mastrubation and pee
moments Many said these were awful moments of the movie Ohso sad And the third most criticized part
is bad acting Well yes I wouldnt call the acting superb or anything except of course Shia LaBeouf
but yet again this is ACTION Who cares whats the plot and the caliber of the actors They did
perfectly fine to complement the robots Of course some say that the robot part is done badly but
that may be true only for the fans of the original movies and toons For the bulk  it is a completely
new experience that can even lead to digging up thehmmHasbro toysNow lets get to the fun part The
visuals are impressive the action is even more impressiveandwell thats it Aside of the movie being a
bit too long you get a great actionpacked SciFi effects galore which is easy to watch entertaining
and fastflowing Most of the 1 ratings grow out of the high expectations around this movie In reality
people shouldnt expect a classic or anything Transformers is not Star Wars folks its a waaaaay
smaller universeIn conclusion if you dont expect that lot out of it it turns out to be a pretty nice
package of this and that ALL the critics are right yes But hell the move is fantastic I am by no
means sorry to have spent my money to watch it on the big screen 1010Epic Godzilla Action Movie From
Beginning To EndSpectacular Production  Great Scenes Of Dragon FightsDelightful Film That Will Cheer
You UpSatisfaction GuaranteedFive years after Godzilla defeated King Ghidorah Kong is monitored by
Monarch within a giant dome on Skull Island Kong is visited by Jia the last Iwi native and Kong
expert Ilene Andrews adopted daughter who is deaf and communicates with Kong via sign languageBernie
Hayes an employee of Apex Cybernetics and host of a Titan conspiracy theory podcast extracts data
suggesting sinister activities at a Pensacola facility However Godzilla suddenly attacks the
facility during the rampage Bernie stumbles on a massive device Madison Russell a fan of Bernies
podcast enlists her friend Josh to investigate Godzillas attacks Apex CEO Walter Simmons recruits
Nathan Lind a Hollow Earth theorist to guide a search for a power source into the Hollow Earth the
homeworld of the Titans Nathan is initially hesitant as his brother died on an expedition to Hollow
Earth due to a strong reversegravitational effect He agrees after Walter reveals that Apex has
developed HEAVs specialized crafts able to withstand the pressure exerted by the gravity fieldNathan
meets with Ilene and convinces her to let Kong guide them through the Hollow Earth via an outpost in
Antarctica Nathan Ilene and an Apex team led by Walters daughter Maia board a modified barge
escorted by the U S Navy that carries a sedated and restrained Kong Godzilla attacks the convoy and
defeats Kong but retreats after the ships disable their power and trick him into thinking they are
destroyed To avoid alerting Godzilla Kong is airlifted to the Hollow Earth entrance and Jia
convinces him to enter the tunnel while the team follows him in the HEAVsMadison and Josh find
Bernie who joins their investigation They sneak into the wrecked Apex base discover a secret
facility underground and are inadvertently locked into an underground monorail transport to an Apex
facility in Hong Kong where they unwittingly stumble on a test of Mechagodzilla It is telepathically
controlled by Ren Serizawa the son of the late Ishiro Serizawa through the neural networks from a
severed head of Ghidorah but is hobbled by its power supplys limitations Walter intends to harness
the Hollow Earths energy to overcome Mechagodzillas limitationsInside the Hollow Earth Kong and the
team find an ecosystem similar to Skull Island They discover his species ancestral throne room where
they find remains of an ancient war with Godzillas kind and a glowing axe made from another
Godzillas dorsal plates As they find the power source the Apex team sends its signature back to
their Hong Kong base despite Ilenes protests Attracted by Mechagodzillas activation Godzilla arrives
in Hong Kong and sensing Kong he directly drills a shaft to the throne room with his atomic breath
In the ensuing mayhem Maia and the Apex team attempt to escape but their HEAV is crushed by Kong
Kong Ilene Jia and Nathan ascend to Hong Kong where Godzilla and Kong battle Godzilla is initially
overpowered by Kong but Godzilla emerges victorious while Kong loses consciousnessMadison Josh and
Bernie are caught by security and taken to Walter Despite Rens concerns over the power sources
volatility Walter orders him to activate Mechagodzilla They lose control of Mechagodzilla who kills
Walter and electrocutes Ren and then attacks Hong Kong Godzilla and Mechagodzilla battle but
Godzilla is overwhelmed Nathan revives Kong by destroying the HEAV and Jia convinces him to help
Godzilla As Mechagodzilla overpowers both Titans Josh shortcircuits Mechagodzillas controls with
Bernies flask of liquor momentarily interrupting the mech Godzilla supercharges Kongs axe with his
atomic breath allowing Kong to destroy Mechagodzilla Madison Bernie and Josh reunite with Mark
Russell while Godzilla and Kong acknowledge each other before the two go their separate ways
Sometime later Monarch has established an observation post in the Hollow Earth where Kong now
rulesWho cares about the plot What we really want to see is the battle of the Titans and this movie
delivered Some stories dont need to be complex this is one of them As a fan of the old Godzilla and
Kong movies this was a goodie Just buckle up and enjoy the rideEnjoyed the movie reminded me of the
old movies just with better effects Take it for what it isOK so maybe I am biased as have always
been avid Godzilla fan but this movie was everything I expected CGI and sound was amazing but would
have been nice to hear some of the original Godzilla theme Cannot fault this movie as it had the
perfect ending and walked away with a huge smile on my face Only downside is the time I have to wait
to see it againI will open this review saying that 1 Im biased as Im a lifelong Godzilla fan and 2 I
actually knew spoilers FAR ahead of time for this movieThat being said I thought this film ruled Its
by far my favorite movie in the Monsterverse if not flat out my favorite movie period The CGI and
sound design for this film are phenomenal there wasnt a single scene where I though yeah that CGI
could use some touchups Both monsters look incredible and are done absolute justice here To make
this more readable Ive split this review into partsKongKong is most certainly the main character of the movie The film starts with him and once hes with
Team Kong there isnt really a scene that hes not in Its absurd the amount of detail that goes into
Kongs facial expressions His reactions are honestly a highlight of the movie I actively noticed
myself searching his face to see what he was thinking Kong is also most definitely the heart of the
film as even with myself being a Godzilla fan I cared immensely for Kong and was emotionally with
him for the ups and downs Whether you are a fan of him or not this film will have you loving Monke
by the endGodzillaWhile not having anywhere near the screentime as Kong Godzilla still ruled this movie for me bias
obviously in play His opening sequence screams classic Godzilla and the way he looks and fights in
this movie are absolutely brutal This movie nailed giving Godzilla this foreboding atmosphere
anytime hes on screen it spells doom I also have to say that he essentially stole the show at all
the set pieces he was apart ofHumansColored me surprised but I actually didnt dislike the human characters in this movie I went in fully
expecting the character levels we got in King of the Monsters but I genuinely cannot say that I
hated anyone in this movie Does that mean that theyre incredibly fleshed out characters with
Godfather levels of dialogue Absolutely not but where the last film had a lot of family drama this
one has a lot of humor and heart The two main standouts to me are Tyrees character and Jia which I
think works as theyre essentially the most important character for their respective teamEnding
thoughtsI was going to write more for this but I decided to leave the review as a spoiler free one Like I
said I loved this movie it has a lot of action and seriously fast pace both of which are a big
thumbs up for me If youre a fan of either of these characters or even just looking for a fun time
this film is definitely worth a watchAction packedAttention grabbingAstonishing imageryIt is what
its suppose to beWaited hella long for this movie to come out and it did not disappoint Enjoyed the
big monster fights storyline was good and ending felt satisfying Watch with on a big screen and
great sound speakers if you can FYIno extra scene after the movie endsGODzilla Vs KINGkong  Its a
feast to eyes for action lovers  Its the movie all the fans of Godzilla  King kong are waiting for
The script  direction and visual effects are done wonderfully  There is not even one dull moment in
the film  unlike previous two Godzilla movies  There are some goosebumps moments which makes people
scream  Millie brown  Brian  Julian made some funny momentsThis movie being released first in India  one week before USA release Is a smart move  Result of
which most of the people in India can watch this epic in theaters  This is not a movie to be watched
in OTT or pirated print or DVD  Experience this epic innearest theatres  take all precautions of covid Contain spoilerI watched this movie on theater this
kind of movie only work to watch on theater not home because we need to hear the sound fx and
soundtrack to feels the amazing titan clash feels realSound fx is amazing and the cgi is
awesomeGodzilla looks so scary here because hes hunting the apex predator and kong looks so innocent
and helpless but still brave af im team godzilla but also feels sad when kong defeatedThe story
feels rushed  and kinda disappointed the other monster from the previous movie isnt showing up again
the mecha godzilla is crazy Its menacing and his power lv is beyond godzilla He cant be defeated
with only brute strength you need brain And theres the reason kong is in the battle with the weapon
and help from godzilla he can defeat that crazy mecha godzillaSadly no clue for the continuity of
the monsterverseI hope its still continue After Avengers Infinity War we waited for the Avengers
Endgame We wondered how the story would go on how our heroes would turn back what would be the end
of Thanos Many theories related to this have been put forward Avengers Endgame was undoubtedly the
most anticipated film of recent years Normally the higher the expectation the higher the probability
of disappointment But this is not the case for Endgame Whatever youre expecting you find much more
in the film This means that the biggest concern about the film has disappearedOn the other hand
another comparison comes up Is Endgame more successful than Infinity War We can comfortably say it
Avengers Infinity War is just the beginning of the story Endgame was the finale of the story So we
shouldnt think of these two films as two separate stories There is only one story divided into two
partsAvengers Endgame is above all a great homage to the tenyear history of the Marvel Cinematic
Universe The story highlights the original Avengers team Iron Man Captain America Thor Hulk Black
Widow and Hawkeye are at the center of events No character comes in front of them Of course there
are many characters that play an important role in the story outside the original Avengers team
Everyones concern was that Captain Marvel who was included in the Marvel world overshadowed other
heroes We can say that this certainly did not happen What is important in this struggle is not how
strong you are but how good you are This comes to the fore in all areas It gives good message about
being a hero and a familyOf course Avengers Endgame has some critical aspects For example is the
threehour period necessary in terms of the story It can be discussed The head of the story moves
much slower than the rest It also drags the heroes into an emotional predicament Then the tempo is
rising and the heavy scenes we are watching are getting more meaningful The last 45 minutes of the
movie is fully action packed But the last 45 minutes goes so fast that you dont even realize it
Action and battle scenes are really successful There is not even a slight distress about visual
effects There are also slight logic errors in the film but in general the story is so successful
that these details become meaningless and insignificant after a certain pointLastly Avengers Endgame
doesnt have a movie end scene Because after the films final there is no need for another scene The
Marvel legend Stan Lee appears with a small stage But this is the last surprise scene in the Marvel
Cinematic Universe Moreover there is no clue about Marvels future This makes us wonder more about
SpiderMan Far from Home 1010If youre going to watch this movie avoid any spoilers even spoiler free
reviewsWhich is why Im not going to say anything about the movie Not even my opinion All Im going to say
isThe crowd applauded 3 times during the movie and stood up to clap their hands after This I have
never witnessed in a Dutch cinema Dutch crowds arent usually passionate about this I checked the row
where I was sitting and people were crying After the movie I was seeing people with smudged mascara
Thats all I have to say about the movieRating 1010Absolute perfection end game  Good acting performance to all the characters Great cgis Truly epic
perfect ending to a long journey of marvel movie Go see it you wont regret it  Perfection Marvel
Endgame  the problem is when you mess with time time kinda tends to MESS BACKTONY STARK AKA IRONMAN MARVELS  AVENGERS  ENDGAME
___________________________________________________ SO WHO CARES if this 1STBIT HERE sounds a bit
CLICHE    The fact is that this film Is  At The VERY LEAST 1 A LABOUR OF LVE 2 A TRUE UNEQUIVOCAL WORK OF  HERT 3 A BEAUTIFUL  ENDURING MSTERPIECE I ABSOLUTELY ADORE pictures that are THOROUGHLY UNPREDICTABLE
this Passionatelyexquisite Creation FAR FAR outweighed my EveryHope in that particular respect and
Indeed so MANY MANY MORE A WELL MEANING WORD OF ADVICE THOUGH  THIS IS  NOT   A FAIRY TALE BE
ABSOLUTELY SURE to chuck your innocentlycreated FANTASIES of what to expect RIGHT AT THE CINEMA
ENTRANCE  Or chances are you will AlmostCERTAINLY be DISAPPOINTED  ALSO I ESPECIALLY urge you to
Spare more than just a Passingthought for CHRIS HEMSWORTHS Profoundlycomedic  YES O F  C O UR S E
ROBERT DOWNEY JUNIORS UtterlyStellar  ENTIRELY OSCAR WORTHY   AS IN BEST ACTOR  NO LESS  DRAMATIC
PERFORMANCES  The GenerallySUPERB Collectivecast performance NOTWITHSTANDING Come to think of it
SADLY  ANTAGONISTS performances these days Often tend to get OVERLOOKED andor TAKEN FORGRANTED  JOSH
BROLINS INEVITABLETHANOS  MAY  most decidedly be NO EXCEPTION Im  ALREADY   ROOTING FOR him to be
Nominated for BEST SUPPORTING ACTOR for the 2020 OSCAR AWARDS AND IN CLOSING  OH YES Consider
Yourself Warned this film is SO FUNNY you may just  DIE LAUGHING  Consider yourself FULLYWARNED N O
W  A HUMONGOUS WHOLESALE 25     MARKS OUT OF 10  HANDS DOWN   Man I thought Infinity War was off the
hook but this oneA perfect compliment to a two part epic It was what I thought it was going to be a lot of talk a lot
of planning but amazingly it was not boring Not for one secondInfinity War was the moment we were all waiting for and then they tell us they are going to split it
into two films End Game could have gone south with this choice but it did not Its always exciting
especally if you are a comic book fan or have been watching these movies for now eleven yearsDont want to say too much but shine a light on Robert Downey Jr who got to perfect his Iron Man
persona to the point where Hugh Jackman cant even surpass him Captain American is giving all us
FanBoys everything we ever wanted to see and Thorunderperforms with hilarious results and hopefully
will create 2019s most popular costume for a certain type of man Loved Mark Rufflo in this film and
Thanos baby still the baddest villain aroundIts fun its dramatic its like Lord of the Rings with one less movie Three hours well worth the
ticketStan Lee would be proud Nuff saidWalking in given Marvels latest publicity I was expecting well I
was expecting an absolute cringe fest and thankfully I didnt get it In fact there were only a couple
of absolute cringe moments and each dealt with Brie Larson particularly her appearance in the final
fightThankfully though Marvel showed a lot of restraint with that and as a result the movie really
belonged to the characters that we all have invested over a decade of love and loyalty inand
honestly that was a relief There were times where the film looked like it wanted to go the other way
and put the OG Avengers in the backseat So credit for not doing thatIt feels a lot more like Kill
Bill 2 in atmosphere than a real SuperHero movie all the really fun big fights were reserved for the
first film and whats left is a long closing act that is more concerned with tying up loose ends than
delivering on overthetop action And it works for a send off film after a decade of investmentSo what
you have feels very much like an intimate and sentimental film made by old friends at send offor a
funeralbut in either case it is absolutely appropriateUnfortunately you have the enormously epic CGI
battle at the end and I for one am kind of done with that trope Its starting to bore me now and
honestly I would prefer something a little more authentic But that being said the film at least
called for itWeve seen battles like that before Black Panther Aquaman Infinity War Lord of the Rings
and honestly those CGI armies lack any real intimacy So the end is kind of a bore compared to the
rest of the filmThe highlight in the film would be Thor with Hulk coming in as a close second They
steal the show from the moment they are introduced and the trademark MCU humor that Black Panther
and Captain Marvel utterly lacked And the humor was a source of comfort after two films that made
vague threats of taking themselves far too seriously for a superhero flickThe wrapup was more than
satisfying if not heartwrenching at moments making it a great send off for a decade of time and
money invested in the characters however the legacy that the MCU is passing on seems in trouble
nonetheless and we can only hope that it doesnt go the route that the MCU has been teasing and
toying with and continues to deliver fun superhero movies and not the heavyhanded or deadly serious
films they have threatened the audience withAvengers Endgame is above all the best Marvel superhero
movie to date This is also the best and epic conclusion to the 21 movies in the first 10 years of
the MCU This is the epic culmination The best storytelling ever toldThis is made by people who do
for people who do and this movie itself does love the MCU You can think of it as a TV show finale
After 21 episodes that are all feature length And before you can even say oh no those are all
terrible this immediately proves itself to be an exception to that rule Where the equally masterful
Infinity War was almost one long action climax this is less about fights Which doesnt mean it doesnt
have any Or that theyre anything less than excellent And this film is definitely never boring This
focuses on character exploration Every member of the original Avengers team and a handful
individuals that arent all get significant depth I remain one of the few people who argue that Age
of Ultron did deliver that albeit in small concentrated format This easily tops that Everyone is
pushed into a situation new to them The trailers hint at some of these whilst leaving others as
incredible surprises Make sure you avoid spoilers before watching thisThis picture moves fast and
packs a lot into its not quite lean running time In other words its directed by the Russo Brothers
The length is justified I wouldnt cut anything from this The emotional moments dont feel sappy The
countless callbacks and references dont feel like theyre just there to make you feel good for paying
attention to all that lead to this one The acting shows just how well all of these performers
understand the characters And the screenplay does the same for the writers The effects are
astonishing yet again getting us to care about individuals that we know are all CG It uses the
varied skills equipment and the like of the unique heroes and villains creatively This delivers
deeply satisfying closure It truly is a conclusion Its not trying to get you back to the theatre for
the next adventure The few currently confirmed entries into this franchise dont need hyping anyway
SpiderMan with Mysterio Another Black Panther story The unfairly fired James Gunn returning to round
out the trilogy of the Guardians of the Galaxy Solo Black widow finally More Dr Strange ShangChi The
Eternals Blade Keep em comingI recommend this to everyone whos taken this entire journey And if
youre someone whos skipped some or held off on this series up to this point this is an excellent
reason to address that Unless theyre simply not to your liking This is not going to change that Its
not meant to 1010Unbelievable For Marvel to pull this tour de force of a film is unreal 21 films 21
films culminating in the conclusion of endgame The scope is incredible I will only say its
definitely one of the best Marvel films out there and there are many I dont want to spoil anything
Watch itThe hardest thing to do is end something The ending of a story novel or movie is probably
the hardest thing to write This is not the climax and falling action but the resolution where all
the dangling threads are tied up and resolved Very few writers can create one with supreme
satisfaction  mostly because in this day and age writers want sequels and franchises Avengers
Endgame is the pinnacle of Marvel movies It is a masterpiece of the superhero genre It gives closure
and resolutionThe movie picks up almost immediately after Thanos snapped half the world out of existence The
remaining Avengers Iron Man Tony Stark War Machine Don Cheedle Captain America Chris Evans Black
Widow Scarlet Johansson Thor Chris Hemsworth and Hulk Mark Ruffalo and Rocket Bradley Cooper are
trying to gather their wits after they had their asses handed to themTony is on his way back to Earth from Titan His only companion is Nebula Karen Gillian Fortunately
Captain Marvel Brie Larson comes to the rescue Bringing them back to Earth they are reunited  for a
moment Tony wants nothing to do with them after Caps betrayal He goes back to PepperThe remaining heroes track down Thanos Josh Brolin and find the Infinity Stones have destroyed
themselves as well as him Now what do we doFive years later a van in San Francisco has its computer activated by a mouse It activates the
shrinking device that left Scott Lang Paul Rudd stranded in the shrunken universe He comes back  but
the five year isolation was only five hours to the Ant Man He traverses the nation to find the
Avengers When he learns of what happened he has an idea The microscopic universe has entry and exit
points in timeYes they can travel back in time and find the Infinity Stones bring them back and snap everyone back
into existence Hey you have to realize that time travel was going to come into this sooner or later
The Avengers need Tony to figure out a way to take out the random effects but he is tied too much to
Pepper Gwenyth Paltrow and their daughter MorganTony though cannot back out of a possibility of setting things right He is onboard with the idea so
three teams travel back to different points Tony Bruce Steve and Scott hey my names Steve Scott head
to New York after the Avengers battle Roadie Nebula Nadia and Clint Jeremy Renner return to the
stellar world where two other stones exist Rocket and Thor return to Asgaarrd before its destruction
to fetch a couple of othersAs they find the stones they find themselves  as well as a slew of MCU characters that helped and
hindered them on the way Loki Brumlow Sitwell Pierce Robert Redford all have their cameos as former
HYDRA secret operatives Of course it would be a sin not to have Tom Hiddleston return as Loki Tony
and Steve go to another spot where Steve catches a glimpse of Peggy Carter Haylee Atwell and Tony
gets to have some words with his father Howard Stark John SlatteryThor gets to see Jane again Natalie Portman as well as his mother Frigga Rene Russo Rocket has to
work hard and convince him to take the stones back Of course Thor cannot leave without one
particular thingMeanwhile Clint and Nadia have to retrieve the Soul Stone They need a soul to get it At the same
time Thanos who is alive at this point realizes the Nebula of the past is having glitches He and
Gamora Zoe Saldana are able to figure out what they are doing there Realizing their plan he has to
stop them and make sure his plan comes throughYou can tell this allstar cast was handled well providing story action laughs and even tears A few
of these heroes sacrifice themselves for others They get to reconcile themselves over past mistakes
regrets and get to redeem themselves They are reunited with loves ones lost five years ago when
Thanos snapped his fingers And they fight together against a foe for the first time since Avengers
Age of Ultron They were one teamSomeone could easily nitpick this one especially on the time travel However the ending brings so
much satisfaction Between the sacrifices the second chances the characters all have their
resolutions tied up with no postcredit scenes Some of the character arcs are messy but the movie
provides an emotional satisfaction unheralded in motion picture history Avengers Endgame gets a
perfect scoreRight Let it be known this film is fn quality Genuinely i watched it with no
expectations the cheeky marketing of it revealing very little worked perfectly in my instance The
opening 510mins meets characters and almost tricks you into a false sense of calm and normalityWhen
events proceed the camcorder style filming instills a genuine realism to events and the films
definitely feeds off the mass concern and shock at global eventsterrorist attacksdisasters and the
disjointed way news feeds throughI will say no more but this watch this film Dont go finding too
much out just watch and get taken to a place most fiction movies arent able to transport viewers to
Intense has been said a lot in other peeps reviews its exactly that Proper RocksOutWith all of the
crazy viral marketing that started way too early some people were worried if it could live up to the
hype It COMPLETELY surpassed my expectations and I went in expecting it to be good in the first
place Once things pick up and start rolling about 15 minutes in I didnt relax until the credits
started rolling Yes they give you a few brief moments to catch your breath but even then youre still
on edge waiting for the next attack I cant imagine this movie being executed in any way other than
the hand held approach They somehow managed to pull off SEVERAL absolutely beautiful shotscamera
angles while still fitting into the hand held setting The acting and dialog is so natural that it
doesnt feel like theyre acting a scriptat ALL Its incredibly intense youre really pulled into the
characters corners and its filmed wondrously If you get motion sickness easily youll probably want
to wait till this is out on DVD Other than thatGO SEE THIS MOVIE Its one of the greatest monster
movies of all time Actuallyscratch thatits THE greatest monster movie of all timeCloverfield is
nothing like your average Hollywood movie Entirely filmed from the perspective of a shaky handycam
one would not expect a very visually attractive movie This movie proves that this assumption would
be so damn wrong The story starts at a yuppie party but then crap hits the fan And when I mean crap
hits the fan it really does hit the fan hard Cloverfield is a very intense movie and the first
person view really makes you feel like you are in the middle of something that you would try to
avoid in real life It has been a long time ago that I sat through a movie with clenched fists and my
jaw on the floor most of the time but this movie managed to do so Nevertheless the movie still has
its funny moments which are timed right so it does not take away from the tension I could say much
more about this movie but it is really something you should see for yourself Get the tickets nowIf
you are gonna do shaky camThis is the way to do it This wasan absolutely thrilling and truly terrifying ride Fantastic acting with realism that makes this
movie Gripping and very IntenseThe monster especially at the end is heartstopping in size and appearance Whoa I normally hate shaky
cam stuff for its uaually reserved for movies with lame acting no plotline and bad effects but here
this movie takes that concept and makes it workthe effects are top notch and terrifying as is the
sound masteringThe roars of the monster the buildings crashing metal creaking the thuds and
explosions are superb Just a Wow movie that deserves a look by any scifi fanokay my dad came home
from work the other day with four new DVDs I legend Alien vs predatorAmerican gangster and clover
field We put on clover field As being a thriller fan i was drawn right in it was great how the
characters were introduced and how you could go through there life without noticing that they were
acting Sure the start went for to long but it built up to a great story I was so surprised when they
just got attacked and i never saw it coming It was just so good how the filming Made you feel like
you were in the same place as they were and had you at the edge of your seats Unlike my dad i loved
the film and it kept me entertained for the whole 80 Mins i reckon it has to be one of the greatest
thriller film everI went to see this movie at 1201 AM on Friday morning the first show and thought
the movie was great Althoguh I will tell you that if you get motion sickness or easy headaches DO
NOT see this film and if you do move as far away from the screen as possible My friend got a bad
headache and we were halfway up in the biggest theater in at the place which probably holds about
300400 people I was not affected because I would just close my eyes for a moment if I felt like it
was a lot of moving and it would help my eyes a lot But I went into this film with no real knowledge
of the film and no expectations The marketing of this film was brilliant and I believe they
delivered a very good film with it Now people are coming out and saying there was no plot or back
story and felt it was hard to relate or understand the characters but what people arent getting is
that Cloverfield isnt supposed to be that kind of film It is a film that we are supposed to watch as
if we basically found or were shown footage from an attack on NYC by an unknown creature I thought
the film was effective and I truly felt as if I was with the characters while this all was happening
and experiencing it with them so its not supposed to be a film with character development or a real
plot or explanation The film feels eerily similar to watching a 911 footage video and when you watch
those you feel for the people but dont need or expect a plot about them Dont get me wrong their is a
story within the film but Ill just leave it at that I thought the film was very innovative and
almost ground breaking in the way it was shot and the feel you get from it Great JobSimply put this
movie was incredible Im not going to spend any time going into plot detail or try to make an
explanation for everything because the best way to go into this film is not knowing anything at all
To me it was a lot like 300 in the sense that this film has placed itself far away from everything
else out there thats thrilling and filled with action dont take that comment literally theres no
spartans in this movie or huge holes for kicking people in that said 300 was totally awesome When I
left the theater Cloverfield had me waiting for the movie to keep taking place in real life I felt
like I had been right there all along and thats the feel you get from the unique first person
freehand camera angle you get the entire film Now Im telling you right now Ive seen tons of movies I
love movies I even work at Blockbuster aka huge movie nerd Go see this movie If youre into action
thrillers and looking for anything that will inspire or amaze or even make you question much like I
Am Legend  another great film this movie is dauntingly realistic Im highly recommending it to you
and telling you it really is worth it Dont try and figure everything out dont try to make an
explanation for everything just watch and imagine and this movie will have you at the end of your
seat and youll never get the chance to sit back and catch your breath Go see itThis film had me
tense throughout the whole film never have i had so much fun while watching a film it was great i
give this 10 out of 10 stars although blare witch haters beware may cause motion sickness headaches
anyways those who loved Godzilla and blare witch this is a film for you  great movie 1010 And for
those people that gave this film a 1 out of 10 you probably dont think that you just want to lower
the films rating This film also delivers more realism than other films can it made me actually
believe what happened in the film was true  because of the video camera type perspective probably
Definitely recommended for people aged 10Simply one of the best films ever made Packed house at
Pleasure Island See it in Digital Exciting while being well paced Romantic while not being sappy
Tender while being tough Just like the name Cloverfield the movie conjures up uncertain ill defined
images and internal reactions It is the perfect analogy for todays listless worldIt was a pleasure
to see a film which fully utilized the movie watching experienceStay until the end credits for a
mysterious clue and an amazing piece of music titled RoarIf nothing else the overture theme should
be nominated for an OscarCloverfield 2008Chipper F Xavier EsqAfter its shocking release 10 years
prior a repeat viewing of Cloverfield still manages to disgust and terrify Unfortunately many
viewers do not recognize its genius Imagine going to a famously hip New York nightclub on a Saturday
evening and being shocked that there are heavy 808styled drumbeats interspersed throughout the
catchybutvacuous lyrics as halfdrunk people madly carouse about the parquet dance floor A reasonable
person would argue that you should have known what to expect An openminded person might even say
heck that was different But only a hater would exclaim That suckedCloverfield directed by Matt
Reeves written by Drew Goddard and produced by JJ Abrams is a shakycamera found footage horror film
which begs the question What would happen if a gigantic intelligent malevolent alien monster
attacked New York City In order to properly frame this fantastical event the director filmed the
movie using a handheld camera to establish a sense of timely realism and cast relative unknowns as
protagonists to force the audience to focus on what was happening within the camera frame The result
is partly unique partly hilarious very unexpected and 100 terrifying But only if you the viewer
allow a willing suspension of disbeliefCloverfield works well because the field of view is grounded
by normal twentysomethings attending a going away party for a friend brother and paramour as viewed
behind the lens of a handicam When this banal celebration is interrupted by the surreal experience
of unnatural disasters in a populationdense New York City the fear is amplified and very real as the
audience is taken along for a very bumpy rideSome of the more original OMGworthy moments include 1
The head of the Statue Of Liberty flying through the air to land at the fleeing feet of pedestrians
2 The giant rampaging monster disgorging smaller babies from its body that fall to the ground and
immediately begin attacking people 3 The giant rampaging monster carefully considering the cameraman
before ruthlessly biting him in halfYou dont have to like rollercoasters haunted houses or Santa
Claus to enjoy a good horror flick  but you are probably in the minority of the human population if
you dont Escapism only works if you give it permission  or else youll always be that person
wondering why everyone but you is having such a great timeGuardians of the Galaxy is a pleasantly
surprising SyFy thriller for this generation The film stars Chris Pratt as Peter aka StarLord Zoe
Saldana as Gamora Bradley Cooper as the voice of Rocket Vin Diesel as the voice of Groot and Dave
Bautista as Drax This allstar cast does an amazing job bringing these characters to life If you like
any of the Marvel Avengers movies you will love the humor and action of this familyfriendly filmPeter is a human from planet Earth that has a bounty on his head when Rocket a talking raccoon that
was developed in a lab and Grout a walking tree come along and try to capture him to collect the
bounty on him In the meantime Gamora comes along trying to steal the Orb that Peter has in his
possession This group of misfits that end up crossing paths all at the same time end up being put
into prison where they meet Drax Drax lost his family at the hands of Gamoras gang therefore Drax
wants revenge and to kill her This group of enemies ends up having to rely on each other to escape
prison In the beginning they are trying to kill one another or use each other for personal gain In
order to ensure their personal gain they end up having to try and keep one another alive By
protecting each other they begin to create a bondI feel that the music along with the special effects that were used for this film is what makes it
great The music speaks to what is happening in the film and the emotions that the character is
feeling at that time They were consistent and the use of the music shows the time frame in which
Peter left EarthThe differences in the feeling during the scenes are also shown in the lighting and special effects
The lighting and special effects during the fight scenes show quicker cuts as opposed to the times
during the film when the characters are more relaxed in which the director pans across the scene
moving with the charactersThe director and the allstar cast pull the audience in and do an excellent job bringing the
characters to life while leaving them asking what could be next for this group of friends If you
like humor in your SyFy films you will love this cinematic sensationThis film is perfect
entertainment Sheer bliss from end to endWatch it laugh out loud and enjoyI dont know how marvel did that but man this movie was something
TBH I wasnt sure if that movie will success because It sounded like silly for me when I heard about
talking raccoon and tree suddenly they became one of my favorite characters in the MCU  Sorry marvel
I was wrongIt is a very fun and entertaining film The story and screenplay is amazing The direction
by James Gunn is awesome The CGI and visual effects of the film are outstanding The film is one of
the best MCU films humor wise The performances of the cast are great All the main characters are
very likable Definitely a must watch even if you arent a superhero movie loverThis movie was so good
it had incredible acting and a great plot This movie is so awesome if you have not seen it watch
itGuardians of the Galaxy is nothing short of an amazing movie If theres anything I can say its that
it is the best superhero movie I have seen Not only does it have the impressive set pieces and
enough action to last you a lifetime it has an emotional core and you actually get to care about
each and every single character Overall this movie is filled with all the required thrills and
spills and is a first class action movie It also has a great mixture of comedic value and a deal of
seriousness The films unlikely hero is Quill Chris Pratt an eccentric gunfighter in the Han Solo
mould who we meet stealing a metal orb coveted by the evil warlord Ronan When he dispatches his top
assassin the green skinned Gamora Zoe Saldana to recover the artifact the pair find themselves
locked up along with the galaxys most unlikely bounty hunters  a guntoting raccoon Bradley Cooper
and his sidekick Vin Diesel who just happens to be a walking tree All the actors do a great job at
portraying there characters they feel real beings You get to know about them and their struggles and
you become attached to them Every character in the movie got their time to shine especially Rocket
Raccoon who is voiced perfectly by Bradley Cooper Everyone is pitch perfect in their roles even
Batista For those that want specifics effects were top notch acting was excellent story lines were
compelling the comedy was perfect 995 of the time and surprise there were a lot of one line typical
superhero zingers that worked really well What really cant be stressed enough is just how insanely
fun and entertaining Guardians of the Galaxy is for literally its entire twohourplus runtime I still
have a hard time wrestling with who was my favorite actor in this all in all the film is brilliantly
well done action scenes are engrossing and genuinely done you genuinely worry about certain
characters and I for one was thrilled with it Go see thisJust let yourself be taken in A sad
beginning morphed into the most joyous of movies and the soundtrack is brilliantJust let yourself
enjoyI entitle my review A New Hope as I walk out of the cinema feeling like I have just watched the
Star Wars of our generationAs a huge Marvel fan both comics and film I was delighted to hear this
film was getting made with the perfect choice of Guardians and what a perfect cast to play them The
biggest surprise for me was Dave Bautista who I thought was only cast for his size but his delivery
was spot on for Drax Chris Pratt was hilarious whilst still excellent at delivering some of the
films most emotional scenesCGI in this film was super theres nothing I hate more than too much CGI
in a film but it was so good in Guardians that I was completely lost in it Never have a seen space
look so good the battles were incredible and Groot and Rocket never looked out of place aside from
being a tree and raccoonGunn is the perfect director for this his tone his balance of comedy action
and emotion blended perfectly and directing GOTG would have been no easy job DC are still trying
hard to get Justice League going Marvel just made a film with a talking tree and Raccoon and it was
AWESOMENot a bad performance all round and comic fans will be happy with certain nods and winks
scattered throughout Probably my top Marvel film yet it has the fresh new feeling the first Iron Man
had with all the action and humour of The Avengers 10 stars from me even if your not a comic book or
scifi fan this movie has something for everyoneThis movie was everything I wanted from scifi
movieNothing I can add to this amazing work of art to me no scifi compares it blows away star
warssorry The cast is magical the story phenomenal the special effects and the 3d un paralleled this
will become a classic film right at the top The comedy is mixed in perfectly weve watched this film
at least 20 times 3 times in the theater and the rest at home in brilliant 3d bluray It gets better
everytime we see it Thank you to the cast and crew for a huge feel good  lose yourself for 2 hours
work of artSimply incredible Never before have I seen a 3 hour movie that didnt seem like 3 hours I
read the Lord of the Rings very recently and I was surprised at how similar Peter Jacksons vision
was to my ownNow about the omissions and alterations Im not a crazed fanatic who gets worked up over
every little detail I didnt mind Arwens inflation and Im actually glad Tom Bombadil was scrubbed I
felt Tom Bombadil was an unnecessary addition to the book Despite these minor changes the screenplay
stays extremely close to the book and flows very very well and the prologue was a nice touchThe
acting was flawless As Ive read many many times in other reviews McKellen doesnt play Gandalf he IS
Gandalf Wood Mortensen Holm Astin everyone was fantastic My hats off to Sean Bean who delivers an
excellent performance as Boromir a character whos intentions are good but wrestles with the
corrupting power of the Ring Bean portrays it VERY well Oh and Andy Serkis does a PERFECT Gollum
voice Its EXACTLY as I imagined it myselfThe special effects were incredible the cave troll the
balrog Gollum and Saurons Eye all looked amazing I was also very impressed by the seamless shrinking
of the vertically challenged charactersWhats wrong with this movie I have no idea I thought
everything was perfect MY biggest gripe is having to wait an entire year to see The Two TowersThe
first part of the Lord of the Rings trilogy the Fellowship of the Rings opened the door to a whole
new world for me Id never read any of Tolkiens books when I saw the film for the first time at the
theatre and now that Ive read them in retrospect I think being a neophyte to the mythology made my
LOTR movie experience all the more miraculousI loved The Two Towers and Return of the King almost as
much as FOTR but not quite because seeing Fellowship for the first time was like taking a journey to
a fabulous new place and meeting incredible new friends that you dont want to leave Ive never felt
anything quite like what this epic evoked in me It was akin to being a child again with that
tireless sense of wonder and enjoyment of each and every moment maybe because as a child you are
discovering your surroundings and whatever age you are when you watch the Fellowship of the Ring you
are rendered in awe upon being introduced to the purity and beauty of Middle Earth and darkly
enthralled by the majesty of Eisengard Saruman Sauron and all of their mighty malice One of the
things that makes this movie so special and there are so many is that you fall in love not only with
the good characters but also with the evil ones For example Christopher Lee was amazing as Saruman
and I cant imagine the movie without himSome films that might be comparable to the Lord of the Rings
trilogy are The Fifth Element the Star Wars Trilogy parts IV V and VI forget the newer prequels the
Matrix trilogy especially the first part Interview with a Vampire the Legend of Sleepy Hollow with
Johnny Depp Logans Run and The Island They are all excellent movies and works of art that weave that
movie magic that keeps you spellbound and entranced for the duration of their runtimeBut after
seeing The Fellowship of the Ring I knew I had found the movie by which I would judge all other
movies Based on JRR Tolkiens beloved books Peter Jackson has set a new standard in the industry of
cinema one that I honestly think has not and wont be surpassed at least not in my lifetime not even
by PJ himselfIt is truly an instant classic that will stand the test of time and be loved by
generations to come God Bless Tolkien and Jackson and everyone involved in the conception and making
of this film for creating a world that is at my fingertips only takes the touch of a button to go to
whenever I want and makes me forget everything elseThe LOTR Trilogy is undoubtedly MY precious the
non plus ultra of all moviesbut oh was I thankful for it All through the movie I kept on having this
big large smile sculpted into my face For the record Im 25 years old and Ive read The Lord of the
Rings in three times for the first time when I was six or seven years old Ever since then I read it
at least once or twice a year  therefore you can count me as a fan for I follow the same cult fan
procedure with The Hobbit and The Silmarillion as well Now onto the movie Gosh I saw it more than
one time and I keep wanting more of it It just never gets boring I really enjoyed the little stuff
that is found throughout the movie for fans of the books the map on Bilbos table in his house comes
to mind it is exactly as the one in The Hobbit book that I own and I also incredibly enjoyed the
intro sequence with the retelling of the battle against Sauron from the Silmarillion never has an
ultimate evil being been so well depicted on the screen It truly is Sauron Those who argue the movie
cuts too many parts or that it changes the story too much are totally wrong This movie could not
have shown the whole first time in its entirety  keep in mind that the audiobook version of
Fellowship of the Ring lasts well over ten hours making a movie this long would well make it way too
long and besides how would you financially sustain such a project Ive read a reviewer saying hed
make all three books with the time allowed for the first movie alone I think it would be a very
fastforwarding experience of a movie with Alvin and the Chimpmunks kind of voices incredibly stupid
to say the leastOk so there are changes in the movie  well this is Jacksons vision of it All of us
have our own visions of the books which may or may not be compatible with that of Jacksons but I can
safely assume that nobody can say they have a hundred percent the same vision of the story as
Tolkien thats the thing with books each reader has a different vision of it As for me I was blown
away Never before have I felt so much at home in a movie it is as if I had taken a walk in the town
where I grew up the Shire Rivendell Moria Lorien everything felt so much like home I was moved I
cannot tell of another movie that had me shed tears just by seeing a landscape on screenAs for the
changes well I found good reasons behind all of them and let me tell you right away I was happy that
Arwen saved Frodo yes maybe coming from a fan it will look like absolute heresy but I enjoyed the
scene a lot I did not enjoy it because it was supposedly politicallycorrect to do so or that I find
Liv Tyler to be absolutely attractive it was just because I felt like even though it was a big
change from the book it was a very good one indeed it makes you discover the power determination and
courage of elves and the fact that even elven women although great in their beauty and seemingly
fragile in appearance do not have anything to envy to their male counterparts And beside as Arwen is
to become a Queen later on it was pretty good to see her have a great first appearanceThe actors
were great they were a lot into their characters and for the first time I saw elves as they were
quick agile terrifyingly effective in battle  just look at how Legolas dealed with the hordes of
enemies without a single hint of fear in his eyes  these are elves as they should be Gimli was great
too I know people seem to think many characters were not developed enough but by the actions you can
learn a lot With Gimli a lot can be learned about the dwarves their pride deep sense of honor and
family their mistrust of elves their love for strong beer and a good fight against anything bigger
and their sheer hatred for orcs and the likes Aragorn was totally the ranger character the ending
scene as he walked toward the horde of UrukHai warriors was great his attitude his clothes
everything about him just cried ranger Boromir was very well depicted desperate to save the people
of Gondor by any mean necessary robbed of all hope yet in the end he redeems himself by showing his
true valour deep down hes willing to die to defeat evil and when he recognizes his king in Aragorn
on his last breath I felt like watching a hero die it was moving The hobbits were all great Frodo is
deeply sad and fatalist and Sam is just the best friend everyone would like to have just as it
should be Finally we have Gandalf quite frankly he looks mighty Ian IS Gandalf The faceoff against
the Balrog in the Moria is a memorable sequence and just shows how strong he really is to be able to
vanquish such a foe I cant wait for his returnQuite frankly I cant wait for the two other movies In
the meantime Ill watch this one over and over again This movie has everything that a good movie
needs to have and more Plus it just might bring more people to actually read books that have more
pages than the average little 25 novel that has no value in it which is great Parents maybe some
scenes will frighten your kids but this movie has almost NO blood even though it has a good share of
battle and the foes are undeniably evil plus it has good values in it  friendship courage
responsiblity sacrifice for a good cause and the belief that anyone can help to change things This
is worthy of Tolkien this is a movie that will go down in history as being one of the best ever for
sureHere is one film that lived up to its hype and by the time I saw it after it had arrived at the
video stores I had heard and read a ton of things about it and seen all the awards it had received
and expected a lot To my surprise it did not disappointNow several years later after having watched
all three of these Rings films twice each I still think this first movie of the trilogy is the best
It is a truly spectacular adventure story all the way through probably the best ever put to filmand
the first three hours of it is extra special The following two films were very good to be sure but
this first had a better mixture of the story The second and third movies were almost entirely Frodo
and his allies long journey but the first half of this movie also gives a good bit of interesting
introductory material including a number of scenes at the Shire before the long adventure starts If
you watch all three of these films consecutively the action wears you down by midway through the
final episode and it almost becomes just too much That never gets a chance to happen with the
Fellowship filmAnyway Fellowship stunned me for the visuals alone I cant recall any film that has so
many jawdropping scenes one after the other for three straight hours Some are beyond description and
I dont care if they are computer generated So what The fact is they are awesome to view both in
beauty and in staggering action scenes that feature incrediblelooking monsters and other mythical
charactersThe story covers all kinds of terrain too from the lush Shire of the Hobbits to the harsh
neighboring landscapes Each couple of minutes as in the two movies that followed scenes radically
change from calmness to action adventure to romance sweet lovable characters to hideous monsters on
and on and on Its an incredible movie experienceI think it is important to remember that Peter
Jackson took up this film not in order just to make a film of The Lord of the Rings but because he
wanted to make a fantasy just like the The Lord of the Rings as he himself put it  After repeating
that phrase on a number of occasions the question popped into his mind Well why not the The Lord of
the Rings itself  In doing this he of course set himself an enormous challenge he had to make a
really good fantasy film one which would stand on its own and be true to what he had originally
wanted to do but he would also and here the task he had set himself was enormous be true to the
original book and to make a film which the legions of people who have loved this book would feel
happy with  In the latter task he was certainly not helped by the author or the book Tolkein it
would seem hated cinema  The book itself is HUGE this was not going to be the kind of task that the
James Ivory team set themselves or Scorsese nor the kind of task facing Branagh with Hamlet nor was
it going to be like the puny task that faced Columbus with Harry Potter who had the bigger budget
130 million for one film as compared with Peter Jackson with 300m for threeI have just seen the
first volume and can say without hesitation that he has succeeded in both his goals  It is not the
book but a reading of the book which is inventive and fascinating  It is the kind of experience that
makes you want to go back and reread the whole thing in the light of the emphases that Jackson has
brought to the story  He focuses on the corrupting influence of the ring and through this focus the
character of the chief protagonists of the story are revealed  Clearly those most tempted by it are
mortal men Boromir and even in one moment Aragorn those who already have power Elrond  The ring
cannot stay here Galadriel Gandalf and Saruman  and of course those who would not normally desire it
but who by accident become ring bearers  Gollum Bilbo Frodo  I can see why in this reading Jackson
decided to leave out the Bombadil episode  Bombadil like the Balrog is beyond the ring but the
latter is important to the unfolding of the story of the fates of all the characters Bombadil isntIt
is a miracle of this reading of the first volume of the book that one can see where Jackson is going
and one can get a feel of how the reading is going to unfold  In a sense Jacksons real trial  as far
as those who know the books are concerned  will come with the second film in the series He has lived
up to our expectation by creating even bigger ones how can he handle the story of the chase
andrescue of Merry and Pippin the storming of Isengard etc  stories which dont really add much to
the core theme that is emerging  Or is he now going to add the theme of the great contest of good
versus evil to the unfolding readingAll of this points to the fact that the film even though it is a
feast of special effects focuses on character  And this also explains why Jackson chose the actors
he did for their roles they are not big names  no Sean Connery no Alan Rickman no Brad Pitt no Sam
Neilletc  He didnt want them getting in the way of the story of character  Ian McKellans talents in
particular are used to tell a large proportion of the story an enormous amount is conveyed simply
through his facial expressions and even by the language of his body The other miracle in all of this
is Elijah Wood  Like many others when I first heard of Jacksons choice I groaned but Wood has been
extraordinary  He brings as one friend said a strange kind of androgyny to the role and this is just
perfect McKellan has already been knighted give Wood the OscarAnd then there is Middle Earth this is
as someone put it another character in the story and the New Zealand landscape digitally enhanced on
occasion lives up to its role tooEnough  See this film  Greatest film ever made  How can one make a
claim like that Silly really as silly as claiming that The Lord of the Rings is the greatest book
ever written  Cant one simply love a story enjoy reading it a number of times amd lose oneself in it
One CAN claim that it is the greatest work in its genre as is the film1010I confess to say that I
did not see the first two LOTR films in theaters The fact of the matter was that my sister was 6
years old and scared easily so my father wouldnt take her So my father went on his own to see them I
did however get to see Return of the King in theaters I was entranced I was 12 years old at the time
and I didnt understand the story But I was captivated When Pippin sang his song I was in tears At
the very end I was sobbing The sense of beauty it hadI couldnt even describe it So I watched the
first two movies respectively with my father And now I was within MiddleEarth I read the books the
same month that I saw all three films Simultaneously in fact That is my admiration storyWhat can I
say about this movie that wont fill a novel Where do I start I suppose with Peter Jackson I was so
struck to learn how these beautiful works of art Tolkiens magnum opus inspired him to want to take
on such a daunting yet gratifying task He saw more in those books than I had read from them and Im
glad that a dedicated fan brought these jewels to screen Thank you Mr Jackson The cast Absolutely
beautiful Their friendship is so apparent so close not faked as you see in many other movies Not one
actor in those three films were bad Yes you heard me So those of you who said that the casting was
terrible let me say to you Not all those who wander are lostElijah Wood who is a very gifted and
bright young man has such an incredible beauty inside and out to portray such a conflicted and
fatalistic character His own striking idealism innocence and understanding was such that you fell in
love with Frodo at first sight but not to the point where he seemed weak Elijah is Frodo incarnate
and anyone else would have ruined the roleSean Astin another very bright young man shows his warm
wisdom as Samwise as well as a courage the likes of which I have never seen before in any
performance He had such an aura of honesty and kindliness that it shone like a light on screen His
friendship with Frodo Elijah respectively is so obvious and true onscreen and not a sappy cheesy
Hollywood special Friendships that are too sappy and fake will kill a movie but this one was so
obviously real and strong that it touched we fans in such a deep way for those who could appreciate
itI cant say everything I would like to about these movies The marriage of deep friendship
dedication and beautiful realistic special effects creates an entrancing epic that will be hard to
rival by any movie Those who negatively rated these movies did you actually pay any attention to the
screen as you watched the movie For those who have never seen these movies please do The deep bonds
shared by these actors all of them are so beautifully shown and the cast clearly underwent a lot of
stress For those who own the Extended Versions of these movies you might hear some horror stories
from Astin Wood Mortensen Serkis and more if you listen to the documentariescommentaries but it is
clear that they love their roles and it shines through in their voices their faces and especially
their actingI neglected to mention the efforts of the crew Without them over 5000 people strong
these movies would not have been possible They created Middle Earth in such way that it seemed
possible to be a shadow of our past a past world on Earth that faded away long before our time
Thanks be to themYes there are differences from the books There always are in any adaptation I saw
that some people commented about how weak a character they thought Frodo seemed compared to the book
because several moments in which he looks Evil in the face were shortenedchanged in the film version
That isnt true Not at all True heroism means not only defending others but accepting aid from others
True heroism means that one accepts that they cant do everything alone and accepts the aid of those
willing to give it THAT is true heroism Frodo shows that in every light even if it isnt always
obvious You can see with much more than your eyesOverall if these were the last movies I thought
worthwhile enough to watch I hope cinema doesnt become that bad it would be fine by me Thanks to all
of the people who brought this to us the LOTR fans To my fellow fans I say May it be a light for you
in dark places when all other lights go out 1010 and then someI think I can watch this film a
billion times and not get bored Today I saw LOTR for the third time and I noticed a few detailsWhen
Frodo is stabbed with the blade from the dark rider and the hobbits and Aragorn are in the forrest u
can see 3 huge stone trolls in the background To understand who they are you have to read The hobbit
When the fellowship is traveling over the mountains everyone is walking IN the snow except for
Legolas who is walking ON the snow The is because Elves are so lightWell when I saw these details I
realised that Peter Jackson was even a greater director then I thought And for the people who think
that there are too much ringshots sounds like a word from a porn movie in the movie THE MOVIE IS
CALLED THE LORD OF THE RINGS GODDAMMIT THE RING IS THE MOST IMPORTANT THING IN THE ENTIRE MOVIE Some
say that the movie is too long It may be long but I never ever get bored watching This movie is just
brilliant mayB just as brilliant as the bookIt is my firm belief that the standard versions of The
Lord of the Rings should be jettisoned in favour of the extended editions universally Sure the near
4 hour runtime is a tad steep but for an absolute masterpiece like this its work every second and
the first act of undoubtedly the best trilogy in cinematic historyStar Wars has been dethroned
Although George Lucas movies are good in their own right except for the juvenile elements he puts in
to sell toys to finance the franchise his scripts which borrow heavily from JRRTolkien mythology
religion cant compare with the brilliance of the literary trilogy The Lord of the Rings  Granted
Lucas took on a herculean task in writing  directing his story himself but Tolkiens words along with
Peter Jacksons faithful adaptation  inspired vision have created something no one man could equal Of
course it helps that Jackson insisted on at least a 2 picture deal  New Line Cinema was brave enough
to foot the bill up front for 3 movies They spent 180 million to film all 3 simultaneously  With the
New Zealand exchange rate that equals 360 million 90 million ea but since they used many of the same
sets and FX development costs were spread throughout were seeing 120150 million on the screen  This
will ensure consistency in plot casting tone etcIn 3 hours Jackson has crammed everything essential
from the first novel  then some into the film rewriting some scenes  dialogue with lesser characters
for the leads leaving out only what there wasnt enough time for  Basically you have two 90 min
movies running back to back  There are no slow spots just one climax after another  From the opening
10 min backstory where the Dark Lord Sauron is shown on the battlefield wiping out men  elves 10 at
a time with each swing of his mace I was blown away  The romance between Aragorn king in exile and
Arwen daughter of the elflord is played up for the Titanic quotient but its well done The story sets
costumes  FX are so rich youll have to see the film several times to absorb everything  The
unspoiled New Zealand locales are spectacular providing a variety of environments to represent the
different settings on the characters journey  The location sets are imaginative detailed  weathered
adding to their believability while the studio sets match them in meticulousness  The costumes are
at once familiar  strange drawing on both the medievil  the fantastic but more important theyre also
functional  practical  The music by Howard Shore is appropriately sweeping Celtic  folky in keeping
with the novel although it lacks the memorable themes of John Williams or Jerry Goldsmith but
neither would commit a year or more to a 3 picture project  The FX are as they should be unobtrusive
unnoticed most of the time there only to support the story not draw attention away from it as in
most Hollywood movies which try to coverup illogical plots  bad acting Im particularly gratified by
the casting of Viggo Mortenson as Aragorn which was a last minute stroke of luck when the actor
first chosen for the part backed out due to differences with the director  Ive always thought
Mortenson had an intensity  striking but not prettyboy looks that could portray a flawed dangerous
hero instead of the villains Hollywood always picked him forA stellar cast giving some of their best
performances visuals that deliver beyond what I imagined a perfect mix of humor passion  tragedy and
a feeling of grandeur scope  impending doom  Perhaps as an ensemble piece with so many characters
the inability to concentrate on any one it cant be measured against some of the classic character
study films but even the casual moviegoer can grasp the ideas  not get lost  As far as Im concerned
its one of the greatest films of all timeBarely ever hearing of The Lord of the Rings I went in to
see this film in theaters the consecutive Friday it was released to not only be flabbergasted at its
greatness but wanting more Since then I devoted myself to seeing the following two films on the
first day of release  a promise I keptPeter Jacksons take on Tolkiens fantasy masterpiece not only
carries a great deal of the text to full film fruition but shows the power of film and proving that
nothing is impossible Jacksons vision is continuous and never seems to loose grasp of the story that
is being told Using the artistry of John Howe and Alan Lee The Fellowship of the Ring gleams with a
beautiful and dark atmosphere a length of detail that makes it seem like everyone and everything has
its own history and full of wondrous images one could never imagineThe acting is superb With a
complex script each actor has transformed these characters into 3D people with deep backstory and
people that we feel compassion for This is one extraordinary ensemble cast Each actor IS that
character making it seem impossible to imagine anyone else fill that persons shoe in their stead
Viggo Mortensen IS Aragorn Sir Ian McKellen IS Gandalf the Grey Elijah Wood IS Frodo Baggins One
could weep with our heroes should one fall or feel inspired when they achieve victory A fantasy with
this much emotion just seems surreal but its completely believableNever losing pace the writing and
direction is flawless making for one enthralling introduction into Middleearth The voice over
prologue fills even the most uneducated audience member with all the necessary knowledge they need
to know in order to understand our heroes and villains motives Some things of course have been
omitted for pacing reasons While not present in the theatrical cut we do see the passing of the Grey
Elves and get a brief tale of Beren and Luthien The barrowwights and their story is no where to be
seen as interesting as it is in the book there really is no place for it in this film and Tom
Bombadil is absent as well but thankfully to the ingeniousness of the writers in the Extended
Edition of The Two Towers a little homage is paid to the character Omissions and changes are always
part of adapting a book to film and the ones made by Peter Jackson Phillipa Boyens and Fran Walsh
are justifiable in every wayThe action scenes are spaced out thoroughly enough for breathing room
plot advancement and evercontinuing character development Each action scene is its own be it the
flight to the Fjords of Bruinen the Mines of Moria or the showdown at Amon Hen near the end of the
film All are greatly choreographed each stunt member and actor is full of energy and ambition as
they wield deadly weapons at each others heads and limbs It really is a sight to beholdThe special
effects are mesmerizing The use of CGI miniaturesbigatures and even clever camera angles blend to
make one ideal image after the other The soaring images of Baraddur or Orthanc seem real when in
fact they only stand so many feet high The Argonath two figures of enormous height standing before
the Anduin River seem like 300 foot creations when in fact they are about only several feet off the
ground Simply jawdropping imageryHoward Shores score for The Fellowship of the Ring is a beautiful
epic and complex piece of work that makes one feel like they have been entranced Even when some of
the text seems omitted from the screen it can be heard through the powerful instrumentation
conducted and created by this composer The use of leitmotifs to symbolize a country race or
character is stunningOverall The Lord of the Rings  The Fellowship of the Ring is a visionary
masterpiece allowing the world to see what seems like actual history with fantastic elements
equaling the greatness of Hollywoods earlier classics As the first of three one who has not seen
these films can await the next several hours of their lives to be changed for ever
