I had the pleasure of seeing an advanced screening of IT in Brisbane The film is absolutely
brilliant Bill Skarsgård has taken Pennywise and made the role his own Creepy disturbing humorous IT
really possess the creep factor giving audiences a new reason to fear clowns The entire casting
choices were sensational All actors really held their own creating a sense of comradery between the
characters Like most people I do hold the miniseries with Tim Curry close to my heart but after
seeing this adaptation I was beyond pleasantly surprised So much so that upon IT being released into
cinemas Ill be back in line to see it againThe brand new ITMovie scared the heck out of me and I
dont throw that around loosely because just when you thought that Annabelle Creation may have set
the bar for this year bam IT comes along and smashes that bar into pieces Wow This is one incredible
horror film everybody involved should get a congratulatory pat on the back definitely a huge upgrade
from the 90s miniseries This is best Stephen king adaptation yetDirected by Andy Muschietti based on
Stephen Kings timeless novel of the same name IT is set around the mysterious disappearance of
children in Derry Maine when a group of young kids will have to come face their biggest fears and
square off against an eternal evil clown named Pennywise who comes around every 27 years to repeat
his reign of terror Its no secret and its not really a spoiler that New Line and the filmmakers of
this new version have planned to reimagine this story into two installments with the first focusing
on the children and then chapter two will be about their grown up selves once again battling
Pennywise So with this first chapter I think the timing of its arrival couldnt be more perfect
especially with last years debut of the hugely popular series Stranger Things that brings up 80s
childhood nostalgia while presenting mystery at the same time IT offers you that same vein and I
think thats OK because we havent gotten to the point where its played out so for the time being
youre going to love that aspect about IT Theres definitely a Stand By Me vibe to it as well and the
whole thing does feel episodic at one point while screening it I didnt want it to end it felt like I
was bingewatching it was so cool Kudos to all the young actors featured in this film they really
hold their own and each of their characters distinct personalities stand out Their backstories and
their process of slowly but surely coming together as some sort of a team is both honest and
engaging Now if youve ever read Stephen Kings book IT youd recall that it is a super duper thick
book You can use it as a stool to stand on for when you need to change that lightbulb But the point
is I think the screenwriters of this new film did well in condensing the story to just the right
amount of time that contains just the right mix of kids camaraderie and the horror fest that is
Pennywise And if youve watched the 90s miniseries youd recall how much that version held back plus
the low quality practical effects that they had at the time Well Im happy to tell you that this new
IT doesnt hold back this is Pennywise unleashed its practically proud of being Rrated which is great
because it allows for the scary parts to be really really scary and not secondguessing or pandering
And if you have never liked clowns before youre going to hate clowns even more because Bill
Skarsgards performance as the new Pennywise will haunt your dreams for the next few weeks after
youve watched this movie What I appreciate about Skarsgard is that he doesnt try too hard to emulate
or imitate or channel Tim Curry Skarsgard does his own take of creepy And because Pennywise is
pretty much invincible to a certain extent youll see him pop up in the most unlikeliest of places
meaning when you least expect him thats when hell scare you to your core so brace yourselves for
surprises around every corner Another reason why the timing of this movies arrival could not be more
perfect is because todays visual effects compliment Pennywises limitless abilities and so director
Andy Muschietti and his crew have the creative freedom to not only realize some of the scare points
in the book but they managed to also go beyond that IT goes for massive it goes for bold it goes for
bloody not a single boring minute it goes for the Goonies fan in all of us You will laugh you will
scream you will have nightmares hands down one of the best horror movies ever made  Ramas Screen The
performance of Bill Skarsgård is good along with the kids performance like Bev Mike etc It was super
faithful to the novel more than the 1990 miniseries and they added new scenes So im going to say
that im super impressed with this adaptation thumbs up oh and the makeup was super good so again
thumbs up for thatEven though this movie didnt scare meit was the first time I heard people scream
in the audience ever This movie was absolutely brilliant It looked beautiful the actors did a
splendid job and this adaptation of IT really added something valuableI do have to say that the
first half of the movie didnt quite capture me but then it just got better and it kept surprising
meThis has to the best horror movie Ive seen in a very long time Being completely honest it wasnt as
scary as I expected but it was WAY better than I expected Script story and casting was all
perfection This movie really did the book justice I am super excited for the next one to come out I
highly recommend this movie to anyone who may be even slightly considering going see itI originally
saw It in the theater a couple years ago and have only seen a few times since still wasnt reviewing
back then though plus preparing for the sequel Anyway though I absolutely love clowns and this is
one of my favorite horrors I even own It in 4K Pennywise Bill Skarsgård is done perfectly and the
rest of cast is excellent I wish I was interested in writing years ago maybe someone important could
enjoy my opinion thats what I am hoping Easily quote worthy and incredible soundtrackCreepy as hell
it managed to even outdo the original as it focused the entirety of its run time on  It  stalking
and terrorising the group of kids in 1989 The cast of unknown child actors handled the fear and
humour in perfect balance while Pennywise was even creepier than in the original There were also a
few brilliantly subtle music cues amongst a lot of crescendosI want to see horror films return to
having a physical villain  as last years Green Room and Dont Breathe as well as this film has
rather than yet another ghost story supernatural haunting flick like weve had seemingly never ending
examples of in the past several years Granted this film has supernatural elements in it but it
simultaneously has an actual villain a physical entity threatening the protagonists which is where I
hope horror films return to Its 135minutes long run time basically flew by quicklyThe opening
credits call the film It while the closing credits call the film It Chapter One The Cult my all time
favourite band are on the soundtrack also Fifteen minutes in we hear about thirty seconds of Love
Removal MachineI watched the original but didnt take the notice I should of when watching to compare
both movies but then again I dont need to  this movie is its own perfect thing without being judged
with the old TV Movie It might be a remake ish but it is own thing completely even though its a
remake So watch this with or without the knowledge of the original I originally thought they were
going to show the young child being taken without any blood but when watching it I thought it was
setting the scene throughout the whole movie and showing the blood like they did was perfect and
kind of shockingly good and the time they took on the same scene was amazingly longer than the last
one I loved how they showed each character ion their home place and struggles without having each
person there to join along because we needed to see them and how they react and work with their
struggles after being through them for a while and that is without pennywise being involved Then
bringing them all together to find out wait we are going through the same thing This happens very
shortly into the movie sooner than I thought but made it fit in perfectly And they gave them enough
time to go through all the hard times as a group to break up and get back together to make it in
good time for the end of the movie And the ending wasnt fast it had its own phase and took its time
to make everything fit in and make sense which makes sense it did perfectly They also made it
perfectly to put in  chapter 2 which the only thing you will wish for in chapter 2 is they explain
where IT came from for this movie franchise and not go the extreme like the bookStephen King does As
much as this is a remake they make it perfect for the 21 century so I hope they do the same thing
with Pennywises background but make it not too extreme and understandableTo preface this I have read
the book AND I am terrified of clowns That being said if you are expecting a shot for shot
recreation of the book you will be let down However do not let that deter you from watching what I
can only describe as not just a movie but an experience I truly believe that Muschietti directed a
perfect screen adaptation of the bookIT revolves around the mystery of the township of Derry Maine
where every 27 years since its founding fatal accidents occur and people go missing It is now 1989
and kids are disappearing once again It is up to one group of kids to face their nightmares and fend
off the evil responsible for the tragedies Pennywise the Dancing Clown Again if you have read the
book then you know that these group of kids will face off against Pennywise again in their adulthood
However the way the filmmakers have gone about creating this is to split the story into two chapters
with the first one being what we have now childhood For this installment I cannot see another cast
in place for the children that were in this film You get to see all personalities in this group of
misfits and the actors portraying them really made their characters individually stand out in their
own unique way And this was a KEY aspect to the overall flow of this film Bill Skarsgårds
representation of Pennywise is also incredibly masterful and is key to the atmosphere this film sets
upFor all of you Goonies fans out there this movie will really have you reminiscing IT is advertised
as a horror film and it definitely is trust me I screamed several times but again Im terrified of
clowns so your mileage may vary However I think many people who come in expecting to get full on
scare factor are missing the whole point of this adaptation Growing up is scary and everyone has
fears Some people like me are scared of clowns Others may have lived through or currently are living
through traumatizing experiences and those memories haunt them Whatever your fears may be at some
point or another you will have to face them  and that is EXACTLY what happens in this filmThe way
the cinematography is paced is a perfect representation of the whole concept of facing your fears
and working through them in the company of support and people you trust In the first hour of the
film you are pummeled with what feels like a montage of scary scenes You have no idea what you will
be expecting to see but you know something is coming due to the ominous camera work and the eerie
music that kicks in And every single time you get worked up and anxious about what is going to
happen Then as the movie goes on and everyones fears are peaking an extremely climactic scare
happens just as everyone in the film is most vulnerable All the characters have just had to face
their biggest fears once They are all getting together to discuss what happened and an absolute
nightmare of a scare happens Now a decision needs to be made the kids can run from their fears or
face them head onWithout adding too many other spoilers I will just give my cents on some big
lessons this film keeps simmering under the guise of horror First of all if you choose to run away
from your fears they will still exist and will keep coming back Once you start facing them you can
start to empower yourself to continue to fight Second of all when you do face your fears you might
not win the first time or the second or third etc What is important is that you realize there is an
end goal that can be reached if you dont stop fighting And lastly its that sometimes your fears and
demons may require some help  and that is okay With the true support of those you trust you can
start to gain ground on the problem and work towards a goalOkay one last spoiler just because this
was the main factor why I thought the movie was more of an experience than a simple film When you
watch IT keep track of how scared you are at the beginning versus at the end With other horror films
I have found myself in fear and anxiety almost constantly throughout the entire film However with
this film I noticed that as it went on certain things became less scary as they were happening
Interestingly enough the children in the film were also in the midst of fighting their fears and
were becoming less scared Im not sure if this was just a sole experience for me but regardless I
think this was intentionally done with what is incredible writing acting and filming all combinedTo
conclude if you loved Stranger Things The Goonies or Stand By Me you will love IT If you are on the
fence about watching this film because you dont do scary movies do not let that prevent you from
watching IT The horror is very tolerable and I am a very timid person You should go for what is a
really well put together plot and expression of itMan was Bill good in that role Go watch it for his
presence alone His acting and makeup got me terrified during the movie The effects were cool as well
A very good and scary adaptation of the original film Yeah the ending was a bit flat but dont judge
it because of the last 1520 min Up until then this movie is a horror gem 1010 The thing i didnt
expect was that it actually was a very long movie and every bit of it was scary That alone
contributed to buildup fear into the audience which i guess was the point When you have a few
chilling or scary moments in a movie that is cool but it does not leave a longlasting impression
after youve seen the movie That movie does the opposite and it succeeds triumphantly Cant wait for
part 2I am written this review In Memorie of my all time favorite the best horror director Wes
Craven that sadly is no longer with us anymore On August 30th 2015 Craven died of brain cancer at
home in Los Angeles I am doing this for him A Nightmare on Elm Street is a 1984 American
supernatural Classic slasher horror film written and directed by Wes Craven and the first film of
the Nightmare on Elm Street franchise The best horror flick I have ever seenI love this film to
death I love it It is one of my personal favorite horror movies It is my number 1 favorite film in
the franchise it stays in my heart forever I am a big fan of this film I even have a poster hang on
door in my room my girlfriend give it to me as gift I love some other films of Wes Craven that he
directed like are New Nightmare Scream ShockerThe People Under the Stairs Scream 2 and Scream 3 A
Nightmare on Elm Street 1984 for me will be always in the genre the best slasher classic horror film
written and directed by Wes Craven He gave us Freddy Krueger which was followed six sequels one
crossover and one remake after success of the first film that gross 26505000 in USA The sequel after
the first film A Nightmare on Elm Street Part 2 Freddys Revenge was refused from Wes Craven to work
on the film because he never wanted or intended A Nightmare on Elm Street 1984 to become an ongoing
franchise and even wanted the first film to have a happy ending and also because he didnt like the
idea of Freddy manipulating the protagonist into committing the murders The sequel for me wasnt a
good movie after the original was released My top 5 films of We Craven would be A Nightmare On Elm
Street Scream  New Nightmare Shocker and The People Under the Stairs The first film is so original
realistic and overall terrifying horror classic slasher flick that is actually happening in dreams a
sociopath child killer with sharp clawed glove who has knives in stead for a fingers can enter into
your dreams If he kills you in your dreams youre dead for real The main protagonist is Nancy
Thompson a teenager where her friends start dying and are killed one by one from Freddy Krueger she
trys to warn people from Freddy coming in to their dreams but no one listens to her not her father
the Sheriff not her mom or her friends Her parents hold a dark secret from her long ago She is alone
in this and she has to fight him by her self by going back in to her dreams and get Freddy out of
her dream in to the real world Nancy the character was so clever smart and intense carefully She was
awesome unique legendary heroine did you see how she put boobytraps for Freddy AwesomeTina Grey
played by Amanda Wyss is really good in her role for the short time she is in this film Heather
Langenkamp is excellent in her role as the main protagonist in this film Shes legendary unique teen
heroine a very attractiveand gives 100 as Tinas friend Nancy Thompson who starts to have the same
nightmares Robert Englund as Freddy Krueger the actors contribution to the character is 100 superb I
think that Freddy Kruegar IS Robert Englund and vice versa even though a lot of his moments in this
film are about injecting a scary visual presence he also creates a mystic before the films
revelation Who is he Where does he come from Why is he doing these things After the third film of
the series Englund would become a Hollywood star and a horror icon For me Robert Englund will be the
only Freddy Krueger I love him in all Nightmare films John Saxon as Lt Donald Thompson Nancys dad
was fantastic in his role and his performance Johnny Depp in his first role as Glen Lantz was
awesome I seriously loved him in 21 Jump Street TV Series and today I still love him in Pirates of
the Caribbean film franchise I love the main theme Nightmare Freddy Krueger score from Charles
Bernstein and I love the song at the of the credits Nightmare by 213A Nightmare On Elm Street 1984
is the best classic slasher filmone of the best horror movies ever made It is one of my personal
favorite horror movies My number one favorite horror film in the franchise and it will always be the
best one in the series I have always enjoyed seeing this film it is fast paced entertaining not
boring or over long film but short and very intense from the beginning till the end I love this
movie death 1010 Grade Bad Ass Seal Of ApprovalThe Nightmare has been recently on in our TV and I
must admit that even after those fourteen years it made a deep impression on me I saw the film for
the first time in 1989 and at that time I was scared because I was just a teenager then But now I
can see that the film has got something unique which makes the film different from other horror
movies I think its down to the basic idea of this film  dreams and everything that can happen in our
dreams sometimes become true The authors of this film did not have to be bound with the need to stay
realistic and that opens a free way to their wildest imaginations Charles Bernsteins music in this
movie has become clasic and we can hear the basic melodic motive in some of the sequels Original
music composed by different authors in the sequels to this first Nightmare stays far far behind
Bernsteins masterpieceA Nightmare on Elm Street one of the scariest movies of all time and one of
the scariest in the 80s It also introduced one of the scariest villains of all time Freddy Krueger
one of the ultimate boogeymen that you know who he is just by his name Wes Craven brought us one of
the most terrifying ideas what would happen if your nightmares were real That if you died in your
dream you died in real life He brought us A Nightmare on Elm Street a low budget horror film that
has made it huge in the horror genres world The whole concept of the film is just what makes it so
brilliant Not to mention how cool is it that this is Johnny Depps first film role Who knew that that
kid was going to be so huge one day right But the entire cast made this into one of the scariest
movies that will always bring you a few nightmares on its ownTina is a girl who has been having tons
of nightmares about a scary figure a man who is severely burned and has knives for fingers Shes so
scared of this man that she asks her friends Nancy Nancys boyfriend Glenn and her boyfriend Rod to
stay over But Tina is brutally killed in the middle of the night the only witness is her boyfriend
leaving him as the suspect of murder But when he is murdered in jail Nancy knows theres something
wrong and soon shes having the same nightmares as Tina Soon she knows that she might be next no one
believes her until her mom reveals a deep dark secret about the mysterious figure Freddy Krueger He
was a sick child molesterkiller who the neighbors burned alive to keep him away but now hes after
their kids and hes not going to take it easy on NancyA classic horror film thats perfect for a sleep
over with your friends to watch in the dark Its such a great film that sparked quite a few sequels
and a new icon for slasher films Freddy Krueger is so cool and extremely scary just for the fact
that hes so confident in knowing that he will kill you Hes ruthless scary and clever and hes coming
to kill the kids in their dreams A Nightmare on Elm Street is such a great film and I highly
recommend it Wes Craven is an original genius who spawned a new type of terror1010This movie might
very well be one of the best horror movies of all time together with movies like Poltergeist Dawn of
the Dead 1978 The Exorcist and The Texas Chain Saw Massacre 1974I didnt expected it to be but this
movie was just brilliant Certainly the best slasher movie ever made There are several things that
make this movie a good horror classic Of course the classic killer Freddy Kruger is one of them
Another thing is the concept Yes the story of course is just simply ridiculous at times but its the
perfect concept to fill a movie with with some scary scenes and brutal killings with tons of
bloodThe movie has the same scary gritty atmosphere like a horror movie from the 70s when the horror
genre was at an alltime high The actors are giving their best but some of the dialog is just plain
cheesy Still I think that the actors should deserve more credit then they are getting right now
especially Johnny Depp made a impressive movie debut The talent was already showing back then His
role in this movie was way bigger than I expected it to be by the wayReally entertaining horror
classic Some things might look cheesy especially the ending I really laughed my butt off and the
story in general but the atmosphere gore and Kruger make up everything Guess you have to be a fan of
the genre to fully appreciate it though1010httpbobafett1138blogspotcomI love A Nightmare On Elm
Street Every time i watch this i think it has a terrific energy and strength running through it I
like the way the film starts with Freddy Kruegar making his Finger Knife Glove in his basement
cellar then the music kicks in what a creepy score as the first teenager is frantically running
around his mazelike Boiler Room in her dream state Freddy is only hinted at in the shadows or
ripping through cloth with his glove and i love the way you can hear animals and creepy noises
emitting from all around Tina as she becomes cornered before Freddy comes out of the shadows A great
openingTina Grey is played by Amanda Wyss who is really good in her role for the short time she is
in this film I always remember her character in this film the way i remember the Chrissie Watkins
character at the start of Jaws i think you know what im coming too Tinas encounter with Freddy in
her backyard is my favourite moment in this film and it is one of the most horrifying deaths Ive
ever seen Its frightening to see and if you are faint hearted at splashing blood then look away
because it is a screamerHeather Langenkamp is excellent in this film Shes very attractiveand gives
100 as Tinas friend Nancy Thompson who starts to have the same nightmares My favourite moments with
Nancy are mostly her scary encounters with Freddy scored to an energetic music beat by Charles
Bernstein I would say part of the movies success is down to his creepy score I also love the
bathroom scene when Nancy falls asleep absolutely gross and hilarious at the same time The thing is
these funny moments are actual imagines of how Freddy wants to prey on his victims before killing
them this is done in this first film with a measured discipline then you watch The Dream Master and
Freddy is basically killing kids while being 100 comic about it as wellOne of my favourite other
scenes in this film is when Nancy is following Tinas corpse down her School halls having falling
asleepand runs into a prefect women who states Wheres your pass Nancy doesnt respond in kind and as
she goes running down the hall the girl reveals herself to be Freddy No running in the hallway an
eerie moment that is funny tooFinally special mention must go to Robert Englund as Freddy Kruegar
This actors contribution to the character is 100 superb I think that Freddy Kruegar IS Robert
Englund and vice versa even though a lot of his moments in this film are about injecting a scary
visual presence he also creates a mystic before the films revelation Who is he Where does he come
from Why is he doing these things After the third film of the series Englund would become a
Hollywood star and a horror icon Rightfully soA Nightmare On Elm Street is a classic horror thriller
and along with Halloween is one of the best horror movies ever madeThe 80s biggest horror landmark
was this smashhit that brought director Craven into mainstream film and gave birth to an unstoppable
horror iconYoung lady discovers that she and her friends are having the same terrifying dreams about
a scarfaced maniac whos about to transcend into murderous lifeWes Cravens biggest claim to fame A
Nightmare on Elm Street was a far more imaginative slasher film than the numerous others that
flooded the 80s cinema scene Cravens clever premise and inventively shocking story added a kind of
dark fantasy element that made this film so much more engrossing and frightening than the average
slasher flick It also turned villain Freddy Kruger into the biggest horror icon since the monsters
of 50s horror cinema Cravens direction is truly great giving this film plenty of feverish atmosphere
tight suspense and a share of good scares Adding even more to the movie is the occasional touch of
dark humor who could ever forget that tounge phone bit The movie also has lots of gruesome special
FX as well The Elm Street theme by Charles Bernstein is a nicely chilling touch tooThe cast is quite
good Heather Langenkamp makes for a terrific and likable heroine John Saxon and Ronee Blakley are
both great as Langenkamps disbelieving parents Amanda Wyss Nick Corri and Johnny Depp in his debut
role are also great as some troubled Elm Street youths Robert Englund is a powerhouse villain as
Freddy KrugerA modern horror classic all the way A Nightmare on Elm Street is still making folks
afraid to sleep all these years laterFollowed by numerous sequels out of This is a terrific truly
original horror movieI consider myself a fan of all the Nightmare on Elm Street films but this movie
is along with part 3 the finest the series has to offerThere is much to recommend about this
movieFirst of all this movie treated the killer Freddy Krueger with respect As the series wore on
each successive film played him more and more for laughs  But in this movie hes a force to be
reckoned withBesides that the concept is truly unique  a sociopathic child killer who can enter into
your dreams  If he kills you in your dreams youre dead for realThe movie is shot in a very eerie
dark style which adds to the suspense The performances are all enjoyableOverall I highly recommend
this movie if you like horror films at allI rate this a 10 out of 10Do you need a big budget to make
a good Horror Movie No Wes Craven and many other Directors of that Genre proved that more than once
From todays point of view some special effects might look a bit poor but some others are still
impressive and they still stick in my mind What I impressed more than the blood and gore scenes are
the creation of a new kind of Horror figure Freddy Krueger In a kind he is a modern Vampire He isnt
like Bela Lugosis or Christopher Lees Dracula a fashionable and handsome man who tries to seduce his
victims No he is more like Max Schrecks Count Orlok of the classic Nosferatu An ugly person you fear
when you see him Freddy Krueger doesnt suck out the blood but the sucks out the fear of his victims
He needs their fear to live and like a Cat with a Mouse he plays with his victims before he kills
them Most of them are teenager and like a Vampire he is coming into the night when all the children
sleep If one of the youngsters let him in their dream its pretty difficult to survive for themIts
not so easy to create a horror figure Director Wes Craven had the luck to find with Robert Englund
the perfect cast for this role Also some of the young actresses and actors are showing good
performances As Max Schreck was Count Orlok Robert Englund is Freddy Krueger No wonder that so many
sequels would follow Next to the creation of a perfect new horror monster the whole movie follows
somehow the concept of old classics If you hear a children song in a horror movie its always scary
The concept of the plot is like an old urban legend myth or old classic ghost story A young teenage
girl is telling his parents that she dreamed of a monster that tried to kill her Nobody believes her
and keep on telling her its just a nightmare Freddy Krueger cannot come into the dreams of adults
they dont have the imagination of fantasy anymoreNext to the plot I was always impressed of the
style of directing and photography of A Nightmare on Elm Street Its 80s style with contemporary
music The movie it self has a Gothic nightmarish atmosphere but Wes Craven used the colors and the
look of the 1980s for it The first A Nightmare on Elm Street Movie isnt a typical Horror Mainstream
product Wes Craven not only broke with some of the common rules of the genre he also reinvented some
old classic rules of the genre into a new light I highly recommend this piece of 80s culture to
every movie fan not only the horror fans If you dont like horror series dont watch the sequels but
watch Wes Cravens Version of a NightmareThis movie is much different from other horror movies
because its more about the story and mystery and less on pointless killingsin some pointless horror
movies I think to my self when pricks get slashed d by an obvious killer I say yeah sure there
getting killed but gives a cares But in Nightmare on elm street is clever psychological suspense By
1984 the slasher genre was wearing thin Halloween bombed out with number 3 and Friday the 13th was
falling into the dreadful mix of completely cliché horror Without A Nightmare on Elm Street that
could have been it for the slasher film With it however the genre was brought off the respirator for
another 10 years when Craven did it again with Scream but I digress Wes Craven delivers a very
original creative and well played out horror film that has the perfect level of plot fright gore and
imagination The balance of these elements is key as it gives you the best of all of them without
becoming too cliché too bloody or too sillyAnd Im not talking about no stinking Santa Claus Im
talking about Freddy Krugger the king of 80s horror The original Nightmare On Elm Street is still
considered a modern masterpiece of horror where for once I didnt get no sleep at night I remember
watching the original film back in Halloween of 2000 where I thought that Freddy Krugger had gotten
me until my dad woke me up to see if I was okay Luckily there werent any bruises or cuts on me
before leaving to school the next dayStarting on my reviewWes Cravens A Nightmare on Elm Street is
about a group of kids led by Nancy Heather Lagenkamp where her friends have one thing in common They
see the same guy in their dreams Freddy Krugger looks like a burned piece of meat after coming out
of the fire where he wears a red and green stripe sweater and has long knives as fingernails and
chases his victims when theyre asleep giving them a souvenir One night Nancy invites her friends for
a sleepover where one of them is brutally attacked by the monster himself where nobody believes
Nancy or her pals about the incidentTo this day A Nightmare on Elm Street scares the living crap out
of me where every night before I go to bed I try to tell myself that its only a movieSweet dreams
everybodyI was totally blown away by Get Out This is one of the best turns by an actor behind the
camera I have ever seen Jordan Peele Probably the timely social commentary is going to loom heavily
when discussing the film however this shouldnt conceal the fact that this is a masterclass cinematic
work that has been thought out to the very last detail it knows what it wants to say and how to say
it balancing wildly contrasting tones and defeating potential clichés with stylistic bravura Of
course everything stems from a rock solid script where the plot points are cunningly engineered and
then fleshed out in a disciplined and take no prisoners kind of way There is much to admire and
enjoy here including some surreal imagery that is as stunning as it is disturbing always serving a
purpose within the narrative there are also brilliant soundtrack choices and you get subtle nods at
the masters that came before Kubrick and Wes Craven specially The plot involves one of those
frequently visited fish out of the water type of settings where its up to the director to make the
most out of it Which fortunately is the case here since you get plenty of real character development
and a tight innuendo ridden dialogue that really gets under your skin All this together with the
inspired camera work contributes to the success of this tricky enterprise as a whole Kudos to all
the actors for going all the way with the provocative premise considering that it could have totally
backfired in less confident hands Everything amounts to a deliciously wry slice of cinematic
paranoia served with a side of cathartic humor that appropriately reflects the political times we
are living in And make no mistake this is a true horror film that refuses to pull any punches if you
thought that Peele was just going for the laughs and the cheap scares you will get more than you
bargained for Get out will shock you silly and will make you think Then you will want to watch it
again and try to figure out how he pulled the trickPeople will be talking about this one for a long
timeGet Out is an extremely powerful poignant horror movie with some humor Whatever elements of
action or schlock that are present take a backseat to the real human drama that plays out when Chris
Daniel Kaluuya meets his white girlfriends eccentric familyThe characters are fleshed out
immaculately with Bradley Whitford and Catherine Keener in their best performances to date and Caleb
Landry Jones in an appropriately intensely creepy role But Kaluuya is the star here and he delivers
with zeal a shocking depth and range of emotions In fact more often than not its what he doesnt say
that delivers the most impact which is all to say that this masterpiece could not have been
accomplished without the masterful direction of Jordan PeelePeele builds atmosphere and tension like
the Big Bang dunking you into the mind of the main character while he navigates through very
visceral dangerIf youre looking for a film that sets out to entertain first and foremost with shock
and terror but also with poignant social commentary and real philosophical meat to chew on Get Out
is the movie you need to see You wont regret itThis isnt Cabin in the Woods Peele isnt interested in
subverting genre conventions What he has crafted is entirely original and unique and thankfully free
of clichés or stereotypes There are no monsters here The real villains are entitlement egotism and
objectification and gd they are scaryJordan Peeles Get Out is an outstanding work of horror cinema
in that the American horror film is the best genre for creatively commentating on the various social
economic and psychological constructs of life in such a way that can be visually thoughtprovoking
And the best part about this film is Peele does not pull out any of the usual horror tropes or
clichés until the showdown Before you begin to think that Universal Pictures and Blumhouse are
pulling a baitnswitchselling you a psychological thriller when the film is really a heavy dramathink
again Get Out is every bit a horror film as its more traditional counterparts In terms of its
contribution to the library of horror films the movie is flawless From the writing to directing to
acting and even the score editing and cinematography Get Out is a film that you should definitely
get out to watch With a current 100 on Rotten Tomatoes this film is certain to grab prolific
attention from movie patrons film studies and social studies professors alike Its a brilliant film
to discuss in future American horror film classes Never before has a film been used in such a
creative and visceral way to comment on how one culture appropriates the best of another for
purposes of exploitation or simply because it has something that you want and then attempt to change
assimilate or remove altogether because that which you want is seen as wasted on the originator A
mind is a terrible thing to wasteIt is difficult to explore some of the themes and subtext of this
film without giving too much away but Im going to try my best to analyze what I can without spoiling
anything for those who plan to see the movie The first element I took note of in the film was the
choice of music Not so much a score although there is a score to the film the music selections in
the film serve as an allusion to the overall message and theme in the film For those who know a
little something about music history you may pick up on the strategic selection and placement of the
various songs and musical scores used throughout the film There are moments in which the music does
not seem to match up with the mood or tone of the filmat least at face value However as you delve
deeper into the film you will realize that the music fits in all too well with the plot Ill give you
this think about the origins of the music in the film when you watch it Before music such as jazz
and hiphop became popular amongst a predominantly white society it originated amongst the black
communityAnother aspect of the film that hints at the big reveal in the turning point just before
the third act is the physique athletic talent and sexual stereotypes of black males Youll notice
that clues are dropped here and there albeit subtly at the relationship between Roses family
friends and members of the black community The worship of Chris body by many of Roses family friends
makes for an incredibly uncomfortable sequence of encounters at the outdoor picnic The unsettling
weird encounters between Chris and all the people he meets at Roses family home each work to grow
the level of tension and terror in the filmthe fear of something dreadful looming on the horizon
Without relying upon a proliferation of jump scares and visceral horror Peele successfully increases
the level of anxiety to terrifying levels in the film Reminiscent in the ways that Hitchcock or
Kubrick may have directed this filmin terms of relying upon the fear of something not visible to the
naked eyePeele incorporates the feeling of uneasiness every moment he can without over saturating
the plot Perfect amount of all the elements that make up the American horror film can be found in
this deeply disturbing narrativeThis is social commentary on how back males are often exploited for
economic gain in areas such as football basketball track and even music and fashion too So Peele was
using this horror film to comment on how many in the white community have stolen from or
appropriated elements from the black community in order to further their own gain or develop ways of
entertaining the masses without proper acknowledgement formal recognition or even payment For
example the jazz music at the beginning of the film That style of music came out of black culture
before it was rebranded high class white music for nightclubs shows and weddings Further evidence of
this social commentary can be found in other areas of talent that many want to steel for their own
and then reprimand the black community or not being more white I could go on and on Fascinating
stuff As it is a horror film do not plan to see it alone Horror is the one genre that is best
experienced in a group settingJordan Peele is a man best known as one half of the comedy duo Key
Peele so when I first heard the news that hed written and directed a horror film I would be lying if
I said I wasnt a little surprised Then came reports that Get Out was getting ridiculously good
feedback from test screenings and after horror having a solid year in 2016 I was hoping itd live up
to expectations Believe the hype guys because Get Out is as good as youve heardBlack photographer
Chris Washington Daniel Kaluuya and his white girlfriend Rose Armitage Allison Williams visit Roses
parents for the weekend where they will meet Chris for the very first time Staggered by their
behaviour from the very off Chris begins to think all is not right in the home of Dean Bradley
Whitford and Missy Armitage Catherine KeenerI absolutely loved Get Out as both a psychological and
satirical horror Jordan Peeles imagination bringing us something quite unique within the genre and
showing that he has such a big future ahead as a filmmaker Right from the opening sequence which is
one of the best openings to a horror Ive seen I knew this film was going to be special It felt
almost as if I was watching a film from a seasoned director and not a man making his directorial
debut Peele exuding confidence more and more as the film rises through the levels of paranoiaThe
writing is spot on as well Peeles background as a comedian coming into great use to blend the satire
so perfectly with the horror Peele has clearly made Get Out as a form of social commentary but he
does so by keeping the audience on their toes wondering where the film will turn next which is one
of the most important aspects of a horror film As well as being genuinely creepy Get Out also has
some hilarious moments up its sleeve leaving the audience in the palm of Peeles handPeeles
confidence as a filmmaker is seen further through Toby Olivers swift cinematography akin to work
seen in The Shining and both Michael Abels haunting score and songs picked by Peele to accompany his
twisted filmComing to the performances Get Out excels above many horror films with a talented and
strong cast Daniel Kaluuya leads the film with a quite exceptional performance as Chris Washington
impressing with each passing minute as the paranoia within his character grows Expect to see much
more of Kaluuya in the futureBradley Whitford and Catherine Keener are both devilishly charming and
unnerving with their performances as Roses parents who take an immediate interest in Chris life both
past and present Get Out gets its truly unsettling performances from Betty Gabriel and Marcus
Henderson as Georgina and Walter hired by Deans father They both have a standout scene where it
becomes clear that all is not well with either them or the house they tend to Lil Rel Howery
deserves a mention too for being genuinely funny in the role of Chris best friend Rod who doesnt
just feel like the comedy relief shoehorned in for the sake of itGet Out brilliantly continues the
resurgence of the horror genre and as a directorial debut has to go down as of the best Ive seen
from Jordan Peele Hes already stated that this is the first of a number of horrors he has planned
which will act as social commentaries and if they continue to be as good as his debut I cannot
waitNervous about meeting his Caucasian girlfriends parents a young African American struggles to
work out if everyone is acting strangely around him or if it is just his imagination in this unusual
mystery thriller The film is very deliberately paced with lots of malice foreshadowed but exposition
only revealed in tiny chunks along the way In fact utterly unsettling as the precredits sequence is
it is hard not to wonder whether the film would have been better without it since it is the only
scene for quite a while that spells out the horror slant of Get Out beneath its quirky façade That
said there are enough elements that remain elusive here that the film stays enticing until the end
The final quarter also comes off as a very clever homage to the horror movies of the 1970s complete
with appropriate furniture for the period What really elevates the film though is its social satire
The racism agenda is a little onthenose but the protagonists anxiety at being a token African
American really clicks forced to enter into awkward conversations with several houseguests at one
point who have no idea how to talk to him without sounding racist It is actually quite a universal
predicament and aside from being a captivating mystery movie Get Out also pinpoints how strange it
can be to interact in an environment when one is a minority whether it be by race religion gender
age or other factorsGet Out is significant in that it simply give the audience a different
perspective in the Horror Genre We have NEVER been given a hero of color in horror The Black guy
always gets killed Night of the Living Dead 1968 could have been the first but they blew it Duane
Jones character should have lived but I digress We FINALLY have a the black guy as the protagonist
thanks solely to Jordan Peele of the dynamic Key and Peele fame Peele has made the horror film he
always wanted to see Given the box office results as so far and Rotten Tomatoes rare 100 fresh
rating this is the horror film that many of us wanted to see It is a very straight forward story
about a black male in an interracial relationship that is about to meet his girlfriends
parentseverything else after this point is horror film GOLDNo need to spoil anything here this film
is fun and entertaining to say the least The social commentary is not to preachy but just enough to
feel true Go see it and have fun with it Thank you Jordan PeeleThat movie was an amazing movie it
may not be that scary but its story is very thrillingDaniel K is a good actor with his perfect
portrayal of the character Chris The movie wasnt scary to be frank but more entertaining than most
horror movies Each scene in the movie means a thousand wordsAllison Williams also played a great
role as the movie villain ranging from an innocent woman who dates a black guy to a crazy and
monstrous woman ready to kill to have her victims colored body hosted by older nonblacksIn all the
movie was entertaining and covered the area of racial discrimination in the United States in a
creative plot twisting way I recommend this movie for all  from going to oldGet Out is a decent
horror movie better than average but not without its set backsIt absolutely didnt deserve an oscar let alone for screenplay but its not the worst choice in the
world at the end of the dayFor a debut film this is pretty admirable and could mean a lot for horror movies black people and
the general film industry but aside from the politics of the film it really is just an ok horrorThe
VVitch and It Follows are much much better horror films deserving of much more praise but because
THIS horror film has a discussion about race it gets millions of dollars and awards and praise Is
this a bad thingNot really Its better than giving an award to something like another shat out
BlumhouseJames Wan sequel with no talent or effort put into itBasically the best thing about the
film is the actors and their performances especially Daniel Kaluuya who is as excellent as alwaysThe
worst thing about the film would probably have to be the horror elements since its incredibly one
note and unoriginal in this department Not saying its bad but it doesnt do anything the horror genre
hasnt seen a bunch of times alreadyIts good not great But still kinda cool a horror film won an
oscar since the last was in 2000 with The Sixth SenseFrom the opening credits to the closing credits
Jordan Peele had me locked in Such an amazing job by an amazing director To think that Peele stopped
writing this 20 times is insane Well done Cant wait to see what the future holds in regards to
Jordan Peele filmsIn a few words smart entertaining novel and intense thriller movie Beautiful
cinematography and excellent acting from the kids and Emily Blunt Nice one for John Krasinksi for
first time directingThe hype was right this is a thrilling film1010 for the funI am Deaf I realllllly enjoy it So it good for people who know sign Langurge and
deaf For deaf people have to watch that movie So action and drama1 The actress who is deaf in the
movie is deaf in real life2 The aliens are BLIND3 The father couldnt shoot the aliens because he was DEAD when they figured out they could shoot
them because their armour peeled back only when they got close to the sound from the hearing aid4 For all the people bashing the movie because they didnt live next to the waterfall How would they
get all the materials to live and build there Walk it in Cant make noise getting there Ok5 This is an interesting intense movie that is science fiction people These one star reviews from
people are so irritating because its like they wanted a documentary I suggest all the people saying
they are to smart and couldnt like it because of the things mentioned in the reviews need to stick
to the discovery and history channelYes I am biased for rating A Quiet Place with ten stars because
I was born Deaf However Ive had seen several Deafrelated movies and never gave them more than a star
out of ten What am I telling you is therefore as a Deaf person wasnt the only factor of my
determination to settle this film with the rate of 10 starsThis film reminds me of my favorite
postapocalyptic bookThe Road by Cormac McCarthyand was made a movie based adaptation directed by
John Hillcoat in 2009 Its a famous known story of the desperation regarding love hope and be
appreciative of what you have like one particular scene where the boy handed with a can of coke and
the cheerful look of his father to precious that moment Such a rare powerful feeling that touched my
heart and soul that still gave me goosebumps at this moment That inspirational feeling finally
triggered me in another way while I watched The Quiet Place Every second of love between within a
family valued is like finding a treasure with ten thousands of gold It represented love as the most
reliable kind of a drug you can get and thats what enabled you to your survival at the highest point
For those who mock me by the way John Wooden the best coach in the history of any sports who coached
for UCLA basketball from 1964 to 1975 Not only he succeeded ten national titles in twelve years but
he also created Pyramid of Success a display of a foundation to reach your success at peak Even the
validity and reliability of the Pyramid of Success are highly respected John Wooden admitted his
regret for not putting love anywhere in the pyramid He stated that love is the most meaningful part
of life and unfortunately its often overlooked I used his statement here to justify the fact of love
as an essential cornerstone of living and the movies like The Quiet Place are great remindersAnother
thing I love Millicent Simmonds Herself as a person and her skills are marvelous She already carried
on through the barriers and brought the Deaf culture into Hollywood She made sure that everyone in
the film used American Sign Language ASL in the right way and treated it as a language Its
unimaginable for someone at 15 years old to do that Her performance also reflected how Deaf children
react when theyre constantly pressured to wear hearing aids Many of us hate wearing hearing aids and
are tired of hearing people telling us how important to hear In fact Deaf children are already
comfortable with themselves and now hearing people who have no idea whats like being Deaf telling
them what to do Youll be surprised at how many of Deaf children wearing hearing aids for the stake
of wanting to please hearing people especially their parents I love where her father refused to let
her visit the basement because he knew that she wouldnt appreciate that her father devoted his work
on reconstructing hearing aids Another scene I love is where her father told her I LOVE YOU before
he got killed As I said she tried to please her father for years She still felt that the connection
between both was somewhat missing She gave up when she realized that it wasnt for her to reach her
father for his approval He had to show love for whos she as person Look at how much she gained her
confidence to step in to protect her family after she acknowledged fully the fact that her dad loves
her See the parallels between the film and the reality of life being a Deaf child Funny and ironic
circumstance Alexander Graham Bell tried to develop hearing aids for his mother and his wife who
were profoundly Deaf in the 1870s but it turned out to be an inventor of the phone and founded ATT
in 1885 He saved everyones life because without a telephone is unimagine for one to live nowadays
Whereas Millicents father tried to reconstructing hearing aids but it turned out to be an inventor
of a weapon to kill aliens and save everyones life I want to thank the audience for your support
even though you may dont realize With the high rate and profits that would encourage filmmakers to
include Deaf people in their next films It opens the gate for the Deaf people and to spread the
awarenessA Quiet Place very quickly became one of my most anticipated films of the year Have liked
Emily Blunt a lot in other things have a lot of appreciation for the genre and absolutely adored the
concept One of the years best concepts and one of the most brilliant and unique for any film Seeing
it A Quiet Place turned out to be one of my favourites of the year too its positive critical
reception more than deserved Can understand though if it doesnt work for others it is not a film
that everybody will enjoy with its deliberate pace very sparse use of music and dialogue and heavy
reliance on atmosphere Have seen many films recently that have wasted good potential and ideas or
not quite fulfilling them So it was refreshing and a blessing to have such a brilliant and unique
concept executed in a way that was equally brilliant and as a film unlike any other seen by me Was
far too transfixed by the atmosphere and mood to criticise A Quiet Place for lack of logic plot
holes have never criticised a film for plot holes find it a lazy and unfair criticism especially
when its the only thing mentioned in reviews that list them and say nothing about the films overall
quality or not making complete sense When a film doesnt transfix or engage me it is less forgivable
but A Quiet Place was utterly transfixing from start to finish from personal view Its a beautifully
made film with a lot of style and atmosphere Not everybody will like that the use of dialogue and
music is sparse That wasnt a problem for me in fact it was appreciated and it worked really well
Actually think it was the right thing to do Without constant music the concept and atmosphere came
through stronger if the music was intrusive obvious or repetitive they would not have worked
anywhere near as well Without constant dialogue it let the actors expressions and body language do
all the talking have seen horrorscifi films and films in general actually recently that have
suffered from too much talk and exposition that it bogs the pace down and its even more of a problem
when the dialogue isnt good or interesting Appreciated hugely that A Quiet Place didnt go down that
routeLuckily the acting benefits from having little dialogue here its a masterclass of expressions
speaking louder than words Emily Blunt is simply sensational in a very moving and expressive
performance that is among her best Millicent Simmonds and Noah Jupe also impress in beyond their
years performances that one doesnt actually expect from actors so young So does John Krasinki in a
performance just as expressive in a subtle way and charismatic In the directors chair he shows a lot
of confidence and great talent for mood and storytelling Especially good about A Quiet Place is the
atmosphere which smoulders from every frame and shapes every part of the story The pace is a
deliberate slowburn but for me it was never dull Parts of A Quiet Place are heartfelt others are
quirky But above all its genuinely scary and unnerving enhanced by tremendous use of sound design
that generates unbearable tension The monsters are incredibly nightmarish actually takes a lot for
me to feel unsettled after watching a film since getting older A Quiet Place did that for meOverall
a superb film and one of my favourites of the year so far 1010 Bethany CoxDo not listen to cynical
reviews it is from people who are so egotistical that they cant watch a movie and just live in the
fantasy and story that your watching Shade aside this film was absolutely fantastic my girlfriend
loves horror films and 9 out 10 times I refuse to watch it because it looks so terrible or I do
watch it and it is indeed terrible but on the odd occasion Ill see a trailer for something that
looks like it could be a pretty cool story line this was so much more than that Way better than I
had expected It had me on the edge of my seat the whole time with my jaw hanging from the
suspenseReminded me of hush from Netflix but it has sifi monsters which usually puts me off but its
not super wacky so you can kind of go along with it Deserves 1010 because the actors were great it
was cool to watch and a bit different with the lack of dialogue made the room feel empty and so easy
to imerse in there suspense I left the cinema feeling totally satisfied If your into thrillers I
would definitely recommendHorror has been flourishing in the past few years with a number of
releases proving you can actually scare an audience if you put the time and effort into the craft of
a film John Krasinski most famous for playing the role of Jim Halpert in The Office brings us a new
horror in the form of A Quiet Place and the result is one of the most intense cinematic experiences
you could wish forEvelyn and Lee Abbott played by real life couple Emily Blunt and John Krasinski
live with their two children Regan Millicent Simmonds and Marcus Noah Jupe on a farm They live every
day in silence to survive the threat of creatures that hunt by soundThe simplicity of the concept
makes A Quiet Place such a fascinating prospect but its the execution that excels it to soaring
heights Krasinski has crafted a horror film that grabs you in a vicelike grip from the very first
shot not letting go until the end credits start to roll honing in perfectly on the use of sound and
silence for some of the most intense sequences in recent memoryThe fear factor in A Quiet Place
comes from the tension and suspense Krasinski develops throughout a true standout sequence being
when a heavily pregnant Evelyn finds herself evading a creature as she goes into labour Its moments
like this one that had me gripping the arms of my seat and holding my breath numerous times
throughout Coming to the performances A Quiet Place possesses the rarest of the rare in horror films
with a cast who all deliver great performances Parents should always be protective of their children
but the situation they find themselves in here adds another layer to that and Blunt and Krasinski
excel in showing the desperation they face to keep their children safe Child actors always make me
feel a little cautious going into a film however both are very good here Simmonds in particular As a
deaf actress Simmonds adds an authenticity to proceedings and her performance is one not to be
overlookedThere were a few scenes I wish Krasinski had elaborated on more but those are just a few
minor issues I had that can take a back seat to the ingenuity shown in the crafting of a horror film
that has the makings of a classic Its worth noting that the entire audience was in total silence
throughout a sign that this film is well and truly having the desired effectYes a notepad so they
can write down all of the plot holes and things to get on this website and chew up a moviesigh and
shake my headgees this world is becoming such a depressing place when folks dont even know how to
watch a movie and be entertained anymoreMy family and I watched this movie last night It was scary and the tension was unbearable We had
chocolate chip cookies and sit in the dark and watched and enjoyed the suspense and was
entertainedyes it was entertainingIt was not the best Ive ever seen It had some things that even me and my family wondered outloudHey
why did theyBut gees people quit taking freakun notes and watch the dadgum movie and be entertained If you are
so caught up in plot holes and unrealistic elements you will never be entertained by a movie until
someone manages to come up with a movie on the same level as Aliens or Shawshank Redemption or Lord
of the Rings or A Few Good Men etc etcSo forget all of the poor ol negative people in the world that doesnt have a clue about how to stop
being a stinkin critic and watch a movie and be entertained and enjoy this movie for what it is And
what it isis a real scary movie with tension and suspense that will have you tied in knots Emily
Blunt is one of the best actresses of our time and she is stellar The rest of the cast there are
only 6 or 7 folks in the entire movie do a good job Special effects are great and its a very
original idea So thumbs upIMDBs Factual Error that States you cant die by falling into a silo full
of seed corn is wrong Around a dozen people a year die this way Numerous newspapers list accounts of
this every year Im from the Midwest  yes its a very real dangerFirst off this movie was interesting
and kept both my girlfriend and I on the edge of our seatsBasically there are blind Aliens that Hunt
with their super hearing and a family is trying to survive Thats the plot and it worksI see a lot of
people looking too far into things with their IMDB review In a movie with alien creatures everyones
getting hung up on wherehow the family generate the electricity ReallyOf course this movie like all
movies has plot holes or things that seem illogical but I suppose thats why its a movie aye Overall
this is a solid movie and Krasinski did a good job for his directorial debut Would I buy this on
BluRay YesI may not have grown up with the legend of La Llorona but I grew up with a healthy respect
for superstitions and things that cannot be explained In a number of Latinx communities some of us
give our children a piece of jewelry or amulet to ward off the evil eye Mine is a bracelet of black
and red beads that my mother bought Even if youre not a true believer of such curses its preferable
to be safe than sorryThe Haters and bad Reviewers always have issues with understanding any film Do
not believe what they say they are lying through their teeth with their stupid reviewsThis film was
unspeakably terrifying I dont get scared easily but this one will terrify you from start to finish
It is haunting darkMasterpiece in the making a great cast phenomenal directing and absolutely
magnificent performances by all castA truly edge of your seat Horror that will leave you breathless
She is so terrifying and she is coming for you An outstanding 1010Very good this horror movie i
recommed this to youThis movie was soooooo good Totally scary and I would of been bummed out if I
didnt see it in Theaters If you like scary movies GO Just as good as ConjuringBased on the legendary
La Llorona This movie is by far the best horror film No other horror films have given me goose bumps
made me jump or the need for taking deep breaths throughout the entire movie like this one We are a
family lover big on horror films and everyone loved it This is BEST by far beating the Conjuring
Annabelle Insidious the Nun etcMost horror films feature their scary parts during the night time but
La Llorona is day and night settings This is a MUST SEEIt was a very good movie Suspenseful from
beginning to end A lot of scenes that made me jump Great cast Enjoyed it very muchAfter a long time
James Wan has done a great job on this movieits a must watch for horror movie fansGreat story and
very creepy Love James Wan moviesHauntingA really good horror movie after the conjuring universeLove this onekinda spookie kinda
thrillerwatch in Atmos dolby soundsystemreally scarymake you feel the touch of the ghostscarywhen
she grab your wrinkle Ooucchh scarydont watch it aloneNot only does this movie create an extremely
tense atmosphere the moment it starts it has plenty of gore and violence to bombard your eyes not to
mention that it has one of the best twists seen in any horror movieI watched this film alone at
night with the lights off expecting to be freaked out by it since I thought it was just another
typical horror movie but instead I was completely intrigued by the story line and utterly drawn into
the film for the whole 100 minutes At the end I did not feel scared rather I felt something very few
horror movies have to offer satisfaction This movie left me in a slightly disturbed but very
thoughtful state It did not give me nightmares rather it plagued my daydreams for two days my
thoughts could not stray far from this film thats how powerful it isIf you want a cringingly gory
and violent horror movie watch The Texas Chainsaw Massacre or Hostel if you want a nightmarishly
scary horror movie watch The Grudge or The Ring if you want a clever and disturbing horror movie
with an excellent story and a great twist watch SawWow The critics werent wrong Not since seven has
horror been portrayed so majestically From the first minute to last this film twists and turns you
till you feel rather poorly Just like Se7en the allround Grittiness that director James Wan creates
disgusts and enthralls Just like Se7en there is a H U G E twist that makes your blood curdle A lack
of star names helps the movie flow as the pace builds to a finale that wont be forgotten by this
viewer in a hurry I still cant sleep It is well scripted well acted and for everyone who guesses the
killer after the first few minutes keeps you guessing right up to the final reel It is better than
Seven for shock value It is not over the top gory but there is a final scene which makes you sweat
Very highly recommendedMovies like Saw are the ones that makes us believe in the horror genre It is
because of such movies we like to see horrorthriller movies Let me tell you that after watching Saw
I wanted to buy the ticket and watch it again because after a long time I got to see a real gripping
and tightly directed horror movie The movie is very exciting and has a lot of goosebumps However if
you are a faint of heart please do not see this movie as it has a lot of goreviolence in it which
will make you jump out of your seat I just cant wait for the DVD to come out as I really want to buy
it My recommendation to all of you is to watch Saw and have a good time like I did Also the movie
has a great twist 1010There is no way one can condescend to this movie This is the best horror
suspense movie that was ever made  Its simply unmatched  THe acting might not be the best around but
that is not the only that that one looks for in a movie of this calibre Looking at the story is what
needs to be complimented upon The storyline the concept used herein the chain of events the vision
portrayed and the end resultits all fits in perfectly to keep the viewer at his seat all the way And
that is how a movie show be  keeping the watched interested and let me tell you that as far as I
know everyone i know who have watched this movie have not nothing but impressed I have been reading
the other comments that have come through and cannot believe some of the criticisms that I have seen
UNBELIEVABLE These guys had 18 days and a budget of 12 mil If anyone else who has posted their ill
views about this film has the ability to produce a true thriller with a sensational plot storyline
and final scene in that amount of time and budget Id like to see it Coming from Melbourne myself I
am impressed and thrilled to have fellow residents of this great state in Australia to get out there
do what they love doing and make a very nice profit for themselves thankyou very much The amount of
CRAP that has come out of Hollywood with big name stars and RIDICULOUS budgets with movies that have
completely flopped is outstanding For James and Leighs first feature film they did incredibly well
so instead of condemning and nitpicking we should be supporting these young filmmakersIn conclusion
For all of you people who hated the movie and thought it was a complete waste of your money and
laughed at this film SAW made over 54mil from its first week in the US and it is still climbing Whos
laughing nowthis movie mixes several attributes which made me giving a 10rating the beginning is
fascinating with a cubelike atmosphere it never loses suspense thru the whole movieand the sick mind
of the killer reminds to john does from se7en of brilliant David Finch the turnings of the storyline
are almost unpredictable which is rare and never any Hollywoodlike cliché or happyend a lot of
surprises shock and some gore scenes which altogether makes it a perfect horrorpsychothrillerin my
opinion it beats even cult horrormovies like Texas chainsaw massacre 2003 event horizon dawn of the
dead 2004 cube wrong turn or evil dead thru out the time these kind of movies goes far to the limits
of the violence and dark fears we all got into usso be warned saw will give you a sightseeing tour
thru hellenjoy it Adam Leigh Whannell and Larry Cary Elwes awaken to find themselves locked in a
filthy dilapidated public bathroom As they regain awareness things go from bad to worse They see a
dead body on the floor between them and then they realize that theyre chained to large pipes on
opposite sides of the room When they discover a hidden message for each they learn that a madman is
playing a sick game with them Can they win the game and escape with their lives Every once in a
while Im given an opportune moment to engage in a minirant so here we go Anyone wondering why I
usually pay no attention to the Academy Awards need look no further than Saw In my view Saw should
be nominated for eight 2005 Oscars Best Motion Picture of the Year Best Performance by an Actor in a
Leading Role Elwes Best Achievement in Directing Best WritingScreenplay Written Directly for the
Screen Best Achievement in Cinematography Best Achievement in Art Direction Best Achievement in
Makeup and Best Achievement in Music Written for Motion PicturesOriginal Song Fear Factorys Bite the
Hand That Bleeds Not that I feel it should necessarily win all eight but it should have a fair shake
at them There are others that I would nominate for some of those categoriesincluding Hellboy The
Village AVP Alien vs Predator Dawn of the Dead Kill Bill Vol 2 Shaun of the Dead and Harold and
Kumar Go to White Castle But youll note that out of those only The Village got a nod a single
nomination Its difficult for me to take something seriously that is so far off the mark when it
comes to recognizing quality films But its not as if a general antigenre bias in the Academy
Awardsas well as with professional critics and the selfappointed film literatihas not been noted
beforeJames Wan and Whannell who takes on double duty as an actor have authored a tightly interwoven
story with a puzzle theme that draws you in like the best material of the Cube 1997 series combined
with a gritty Se7en 1995like serial killer police procedural The pieces of the plot fit together
precisely and unfold like a predetermined chess game Wan and Whannell build tension gradually
despite the fact that the film comes out of the gate extremely suspensefulWan who also served as
director creates a fabulously disturbing dingy atmosphere throughout the film bolstered by Julie
Berghoffs production design which is as inventive as the script Part of the delightful novelty of
the film is the elaborate potentially fatal puzzles devised by the villain Berghoffs designs for
these scenarios and devices easily matches the lockstep intricacy of the plot and the ominous
foreboding of the overall atmosphere Viewers will likely cringe at vicariously envisioning
themselves in the contraptions and thats much of the point The cinematography throughout the film is
just as imaginative easily telling a story that often depends on subtle visual cues and reaching
just the right balance of extended techniques such as the varied film speeds during a car
chaseBecause so much of the film is focused on just two characters in a single relatively sparse
room Elwes and Whannell must turn in powerhouse performances running a gamut of emotions including
vulnerable helplessness studied hopefulness vengeful anger and frenzied desperation Both are
excellent with Elwes particularly remarkable Danny Glover as Detective David Trapp is impressive in
his transformation from a somewhat typical macho cop to an obsessive loon perhaps on a par with the
villain in his singleminded irrational commitmentThe modus operandi and motivation which serves as
the theme of the villain are intriguingly gray The victims are often morally questionable and can
potentially benefit from their victimization Theyre putatively given an out from their predicaments
if they can muster the necessary wit and skill At least on one level the villain wants to give his
victims a hard lesson and improve their livesIt should have been clear by the comparison to Cube and
Se7en that Saw is not for the faint of heart although its not quite as gory as it could have been or
for those who want only clear messages of good and evil and happy endings As one of 2004s best films
however you owe it to yourself to give it a watchSaw has achieved a rare feat in ThrillerHorror
filmmaking in that it holds the suspense and intrigue throughout the entier film From the opening
moments possibly the most captivating first 20 minutes of a film Ive ever seen until the end credits
role the audience is on edge continually wondering what is going to happen next The film centres
around two men chained to pipes at either end of an industrial bathroom Between them lying face down
on the floor is a body surrounded by a pool of blood The questions of how and why these men are here
are answered is a series of flashbacks throughout the film and this is where my only two real
problems with the movie exist Firstly the first time out of the bathroom takes too long Although the
back story is interesting and necessary I wanted to get back to the bathroom faster The second
problem I had was with the use of sped up film and rapidly changing camera angles in some of the
flashback scenes Although this technique did have an impact after a few moments it felt a bit
gimicky The scenes in the bathroom however are masterful and the way the writers develop the plot in
a setting that can seemingly go nowhere is a real credit to them Saw is intriguing it is imaginative
it is scary suspenseful and wonderfully entertaining Saw is a movie you must see at the cinemaI wish
I could watch it for the first time again So creepy and surprisingFor years now ive been a fan of
the horrorthriller genre but have been extremly dissapointed with any and all of the releases this
genre has offered in the last half decade  I had the great fortune of catching a screening of SAW
recently at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival and must say it has fully restored my confidance that
the ability to create a movie with the ability to make people lose sleep is still alive and well
James Wan has done a masterful job at keeping any and all viewers on the edge of their seats from
begining to end and if youre easily scared or even the slightest bit jumpy you definatly wont be
able to handle SAW Definate 10 out of 10This movie makes you realize why so many other movies fail
to be scarynot enough psychological elements What this movie does right is that it skips the gore
and blood and overthetop overacting crazed lunatics that seem the norm in horror moviesI saw this
with a friend in the theater and 10 minutes in we were sinking into our chairs with fear Not even
the annoying teens making their phones ring to scare their friends when you see the movie you will
understand why were a powerful enough distraction to undo the terror we feltDefinitely see it make
sure you have as big a TV as you can get your hands on when you rent it and that you watch it at
night in the darkif you want the full effect Also make sure you rent it on DVD and NOT cassetteyou
know just to be safe The Ring usually gets a bad rep for being too slow and some people even say
that nothing happens in the movie Unless you have ADD or something you have to at least appreciate
what Gore Verbinski achieved in 2002 What he did was he basically took the premise of Ringu a good
suspenseful Japanese horror flick and made it more suspenseful and filled with creepy visualsI am a
huge horror fan and this is one of the movies that unsettles me the most The suspenseful pace the
incredible beautiful but haunting visuals make this a unique experience I love gory films but this
one relies a lot more on psychological horror and imagery to create scares No jump scares just good
story tellingThe movie may not answer all the questions it creates but the viewer if he pays
attention accordingly will be able to figure them out for himself Unsettling to the bone The Ring is
one of my favorite horror films of all time Truly underratedBefore I saw The Ring I used to think of
horror movies as something about a supernatural sometimes not supernatural force that gobbles up
people in bizarre series of deaths usually accompanied by blood and gore Maybe I ought to blame it
on my own selection of movies But I realized that horror movies can have a deep and a decent story
line after seeing The RingThe Ring is an adaptation of the Japanese movie Ringu Ringu is a well
respected horror movie Rather than call The Ring as an adaptation I would prefer calling it as an
improvisation of Ringu For I have seen both movies and in my personal opinion the producers of The
Ring have made the story a bit deeper and of course with the music and special effects scarierA
particular thing worth mentioning is the work done by the child actor David Dorfman playing the role
of Aidan My personal opinion is that he has done a very good job And Ehren Kruger in his script for
the movie has given a major role to Aidan as opposed to lesser important role given to Aidans
Japanese counterpartFull credit to the Rings makers for a very fine adaptation of the original Ringu
And yes a small word of advice for those who have not seen the real Daveigh Chase playing Samara
After seeing this movie do look up on the net for a picture of hers and make the comparison And do
try and watch Ringu as well A very respectable movie indeedA good story nice scares decent acting
and smooth direction Enjoy the movieThis movie is great Im on a bit of a revisit of horror this
month being stuck inside and all This is one of my favoritesRachel Naomi Watts is a journalist who
investigates a mysterious video tape that purportedly kills its viewer 7 days after watching it The
Ring is an American adaptation of the Japanese horror film Ringu Following the success of this movie
it spawned its own sequel and introduced the Western audience to Jhorror adaptations notably The
Grudge Theres intense tension scares and mood developed in this film that are still palpable every
time you watch In doing so director Gore Verbinski shapes a timely narrative about communal
disconnect modern alienation and the allconquering power of technology with this adaptation Naomi
Watts delivers a superb performance as Rachel and Im so glad it propelled her into mainstream
consciousness Martin Henderson too is equally on form as Noah her confidantNo matter how many times
Ive seen it I enjoy watching this film The Ring is a classic horror film of the 2000s if not the
classic horror film of the 2000sTHE RING is my favorite horror movie of all time for many reasons It
is a remake of an excellent Japanese horror film named RINGU I love both films and own both DVDs Now
since there are so many reasons why I love THE RING Ill organize all the things I love and the very
few things I would change about this brilliant and creepy film But first let me give you a short
version of the plot after the death of her niece investigative journalist Rachael Keller finds a
strange tape that her niece apparently watched one week before her death The rumor behind the tape
is that if you watch it you will die seven days laterTHE INTRO The introduction to this film is very
smart At first it seems like a cheesy teenage slasher flick But that my friends is a trick After
about 3 minuets into the film you realize just how mature and suspenseful of a film this really
isTHE CHARACTERS The characters of THE RING are great Rachael Keller is the perfect journalist Shes
very inquisitive and smart she certainly does allot in this movie and keeps the plot going Also
Rachael Keller is a great mother she puts her own life in danger so she may save her son Noah Clay
is sort of a comic relief hes sarcastic and stubborn but is also very smart Noah helps Rachael solve
the mystery of the cursed tape Aidan Keller is the son or Rachael Keller Aidan is quiet and wise
beyond his years he was very close with his cousin before she died a mysterious and horrible death
The character list goes on so Ill skip ahead to the villain Samara Morgan is the antagonist in this
film and boy what a villain The secret to Samaras past is a sad and brutal one which would explain
the things she does through out the filmTHE STYLE OF HORROR I love horror films like THE RING THE
RING is very unique in its style it is filmed like an Asian horror film full of flash backs creepy
imagery nightmares mysteries and hallucinations Its very bizarre and surreal at times which isnt
very out of place since this is a supernatural horrorthriller If you ask anyone who has scene THE
RING which scene do you remember the most theyll probably tell you the closet scene This is
referring to the 2 seconds of footage of Katie dead in the closet This scene is the biggest jump
scene in the film There are a lot of different types of scares in this film jump scares suspense
shocks chills and intense terror WHAT I WOULD CHANGE There is very little I would actually change
about this brilliant horror film In fact there is only one scene the climax I guess I would like one
thats a bit longer The climax in this film is still satisfying but I definitely wouldnt mind a
longer oneTHE ATMOSPHERE Atmosphere is something I highly prize in any film but especially in horror
films Its industrial in some places and fantasylike in others but its always tinted green or blue
Its almost always raining and the settings are all very nice The settings go from Seattle to the
forests of Washington to a fictional island and beyondIn conclusion I would like to once again say
that this is my personal favorite horror film of all time I highly recommend this movie to any one
with intelligence and an imagination THE RING is an amazing horror movie a cult favorite now and a
cult classic in the future a blockbuster and so much more The critics loved it and so will you trust
meAfter her niece and three of her nieces friends mysteriously die on the same night at the same
time but in different circumstances reporter Rachel Keller Naomi Watts hears the rumors of a video
that when seen curses the viewer so that they die in 7 days She investigates the phenomenon with the
aid of her ex Noah Clay Martin Henderson They end up seeing the video Can they figure out a solution
in timeFor my money although the Japanese original upon which this film is based Ringu 1998 is worth
watching this Gore Verbinskidirected US version is superior in many ways having none of the flaws
but all of the assets and then someIm going to do something unusual and examine the differences
between the two films by detailing just a portion of one scene present in both I think the
examination reveals why the US film is superior The scene is the tail end of the opening which
results in a death Heres how it goes in Ringu Tomoko Oishis Yuko Takeuchi television mysteriously
turns on to a baseball game as shes looking inside the refrigerator She looks up above the door
surprised We get a reverse shot We can see the television through frosted glass in the next room A
steadicam follows her from behind peeking around the corner with her We cut back to her face which
is relatively expressionless We go back to a rear shot and see her walk to the remote and shut off
the television She turns around and walks back to the kitchen pouring herself a drink We cut to a
lowerangled closer shot We hear a noise A subtle fear crosses her face She trembles Cut to a close
shot from over her shoulder Suddenly she turns around frightened The frame freezes and quickly turns
a bluegraytinted negative color Heres how it goes in The Ring Katie Embry Amber Tamblyn is in the
kitchen just about to drink when the television turns on by itself to static She stops dead in her
tracks her glass just barely touching her lips Cut to a close up of her slowly turning her head and
looking at the television horrified Almost achingly slowly the camera creeps around the corner to
show us the television We see Katie look for any sign of an intruder She sees the remote on the
chair but no one is around She hurriedly shuts off the television then walks away trying to
rationalize the event Before she can get out of the room the television turns on again She stops
again and turns even slower The camera slowly creeps into a medium shot of Katie with the television
and its static reflected in a pane of glass She runs over and puts her face right next to the
television We see this from a fantastically skewed angle which distorts the television screen
sticking one end right in our face We get an insert of Katie yanking the plug Sparks shoot out Back
to the skewed angle but now the screen is blank We circle around slightly Suddenly theres a noise
from the kitchen Katie gasps and turns around Slowly she peeks into the kitchen just in time to see
the refrigerator door open by itself She runs to shut it now breathing heavily She mutters to
herself and begins looking around with a very subtle panic on her face As she quickly turns towards
the hallway the camera rapidly changes focus We cut to an interesting overhead angle on the stairway
Katie appears peeking around the corner She calls for her friend Becca She trots up the stairs We
cut to a beautiful extremely low angle of the upstairs hallway which exaggerates the perspective As
we see Katie reach the top of the stairs we also see water slowly flowing into the hall from beneath
a door The camera stays at the low angle until Katie reaches the water We cut to a close up Shes
scared and bewildered then trembling We get an extreme close up of the door handle as her hand comes
gradually into the focal range She grabs the handle Another closeup of her face Cut to the interior
of the roomher bedroom Katie flings open the door horrified With a series of extremely fast cuts we
see a snippet of the Ring video on the television set in her bedroom Cut back to Katie A super fast
zoom to her distorted horrific face Then back to the Ring video in a series of quick cuts before the
entire screen goes to staticThe point here isnt that the US version is longer Rather its to
exemplify the attention to craft from technical to emotional aspects Verbinskis pacing is much more
deliberate and varied creating intense suspense Bojan Bazellis cinematography is breathtakingly
beautiful There is an obsession with details from those that integrate and propel the story to those
that are artistically striking The construction is much more complex but every shot is analyzed for
relevance Every angle exists for a reason The ornate aesthetics amp up the effect of the story This
approach isnt unique to the opening scene but occurs throughout the film including the famed Ring
video itself The music is also better here and is better integrated into the film The performances
are excellent with Aidan Keller David Dorfman just as creepy and disturbing as the antagonist Samara
Morgan Daveigh Chase As would be expected for US audiences Verbinski includes a lot more exposition
in his film working in explanatory material from Ringu 2 as well as new material exploring Samaras
history It works well here as the story is much tighter Everything eventually fits together like
pieces of a puzzle and it gives the Ring video and the varied settings of the film more
relevanceThis is the horror movie with different kinds of idea to horrify youthrough video tape and
the video that was kn the tape itself was very creepy and scaryI first saw The Ring in 2006 while
house sitting alone one evening After seeing it in their DVD collection I decided to watch it to
overcome boredomWithout really saying anything about the movie it was a very disturbing experience
all the way through and after it finished I realized I had made a mistake to watch it alone in the
dark at night for the first time It was the most terrifying horror movie I had ever seen with
psychological effects lingering hours and days later I was unprepared for what this film was about
which is why it affected me very deeply and I needed time to recover Ive watched it a few times
since and while the experience isnt as impacting as the first time its still an effective
psychological filmThis type of horror is definitely not for everyone though because its a rare
moment of cinematic excellence that can really affect the viewer With that said though the filmmaker
and crew did an excellent job I never encountered a film like this before or since and even compared
to the original Japanese film Ringu The Ring wins hands downI had hoped other films would raise or
surpass the bar this film set But in 15 years Ive yet to see it As a result I believe this film will
continue to remain among the best horror films of all timeThis is the first movie that truly
terrified me I couldnt even finish it completely when it first came outThe movie is filled with
bizarre visuals and amazing effects Also it has a beautiful atmospheric tone to the entire thing A
blueish hue with rainyfoggy weather It really sets the toneWhat a beautiful movieWhen I saw the
movie for the first time my reaction at the end was the same as the whole audiences WTF I was mainly
disappointed and felt like I was wasting time and money The movie left scars behind and I couldnt
stay alone at home being that scarred for many days  which was kind of a good sign as I hardly get
scarred watching horror movies nowadays I am nearly 47 and grew up with all horror classics Ive seen
them allAs said I was super angry having watched this movie Yesterday I went to the cinema with my 20 year
old son as he wanted to see the movie with me As loving father I agreed This time I figured out what
is truly going on in the movie Caution  SpoilerThe dear grandmom was a satanist I knew that from the first time Joanne her girlfriend as well I
also got that one But what was the electric impulse which you could see This i figured out the
second time It was Paimon the demon haunting the son of Annie But Paimon needed the son to be dead
first to be able to enter his body for good  which happenes just at the end of the movie when Peter
jumpes out of the window You can see Peter lying on the ground in front of the house when the
electric impulse comes and enters Peters body That was Paimon Now Paimon has entered Peters body
finally The summoning was successful And finally  Peter now Paimon makes that strange sound with his
tongue just like Charlie did before Why Charlie was the host of Paimon before But her body was not
healthy and it was a girls body not the body of a man which Paimon needed Thats why Charlies
grandmother wanted to her to be a boy instead of being a girlMakes sense nowAnd btw Paimon is a real figure as well as the sign used in this film It is one of the 72 demons
from the Grimoire  some magic book also used by people like Aleister CrowleyKnowing that the film has now become a real masterpiece The tension increases constantly till the
showdown at the end when the movie suddenly becomes one of the most fearing horror movies I have
ever seenWell done A24 and Ari Aster Great acting from the cast as wellThis has to be one of the best horror
movies ever Toni Collette gives a performance of a lifetime and I think possibly the best of her
career Just when you think you know whats going on the movie flips Its so amazingly written and such
a thrill ride Not for the faint of heart Ive watched this so many times but still get the same chill
every single time Definitely would recommend to horror fans Review 1010And I mean this in the best
way possible The spectrum of emotions you go through range from sheer terror to complete
hopelessness and sorrow The movie picks at the human psyche in all the right ways Its both hard to
watch and impossible to look away Hands down the best horror films Ive ever seen perhaps one of the
best films in generalI really didnt know what to expect going in to see this film I had seen the
trailer and all of the good press for it I adore Toni Collete and I generally enjoy horror films I
left the theater with a pit in my stomach and came back the next day to see it again this is a film
that rewards multiple viewingsThe film began rather predictably in my opinion However the truly
unexpected and disorienting end of the first act grabbed my attention and never let up from there
This film digs its hooks in deep and slowly drags you down into a pit of despair There is a gleam of
light at the end of the tunnel but it isnt what you think This is the first film in a while to keep
me on my toes throughout its runtime even if its plot isnt groundbreaking The amazing performances
sublime cinematography and outrageously outstanding sound design makes this film a real treat for
anyone with a special affection for the mediumIve seen many compare this to The Exorcist and
Rosemarys Baby and I agree mostly with those comparisons However I also see this film as a distant
relation to the original 1976 Carrie Both films put family drama at the forefront and milk every
ounce of dread from the truly hideous realities of familial cohabitation for what its worth What
makes these films so stirring isnt jump scares special FX or payoffs to every tense scene they
present it is instead forefronting the alltoreal human tension and making the audience sit with it
as uncomfortably as possible The scenes that stick with me from Carrie arent just her supernatural
revenge at the prom but the abuse from her mother and the gutpunching shower scene that opens the
film Its those moments of having to experience the very real ugliness of humanity that stir me and
stay on my skin for days after seeing a filmMy opinion is that this film is a masterpiece and will
certainly be joining my list of alltime favorite horror films However it is definitely not for
everyone This is a film thats made to stand out to alreadyavid film fans with an appreciation for
the format those with shortattention spans andor those accustomed to the mileaminute breakneck pace
of most horror films wont enjoy this I also think and Im going out on a limb here that this is a
film most readily accessible to those who have already experienced a major physical or existential
loss or crisis in their life or are intimate with the feeling of being manipulated There a lot of
reports of people giggling during the film I think some of this can be chalked up to the sheer
discomfort this film causes but I also think it may in some cases come from not being able to grasp
the logic and affective phenomenon of grief that this film so accurately and exquisitely captures
This film is a meditation on themes of grief family manipulation and ultimately a lack of control
This isnt a film like The Conjuring which is also one of my favorites that gives you more than
enough cues to be scared during certain parts of the film instead this film relies on your attention
to detail and your willingness to be devoured by its sinister texturesI dont even know where to
begin with this one When I heard that it was being made by some of the same people who worked on The
Witch which some people didnt like but I liked it I had high hope for this film and boy was I not
disappointed Such a breath of fresh air for the genre in a time where Hollywood has prostituted it
and released nothing but garbage Not only was the film scary as hell but it also had a lot to say
about grief and trauma The way the film is put together is its strongest part The pacing the editing
the cinematography and the sound design all worked together to create a truly unique and hellish
vision of horror Im a horror veteran and rarely actually jump or feel tense but this film made me
feel like a horror virgin again actually frightening me like no other Hollywood film canThe acting
was also superb all around and only adds to the horror being presented on screen Each character was
unique and added their own style to this modern horror masterpiece I saw many people in the theater
jumping and looking away some being grown men A couple people even left and I cant imagine its
because they felt it was a bad film because it was not I am seriously considering going and seeing
it again which hasnt happened since the Evil Dead remake and The Raid I would say this film is a
must see for any horror fan or for anyone wanting to be scared out of their mindsIts really a shame
that people who are too lazy and desensitized to appreciate this film gave it negative reviews The
fact that anyone would rate this movie any less than a 910 is despicable to me This film was an
absolute masterclass in its genre From the opening scene you will feel a tremendous level of
discomfort and apprehension that only intensifies as the movie goes on The performances by all those
involved are excellent No jump scares no unbelievable characters no exaggeration of blood and guts
This film is exactly what horror should be terrifying A movie that will sit with you well after you
leave the theaterMy favourite movie of 2018 was a very disturbing one that was filled with sharp
turns and twists filled with horrifying scenes incredible acting pagan cults and really great
directing theres not that much I can say about this movie just dont go into it with a full stomach
this is not your average horror movie I dont need to say that you should watch it you might regret
it its very unsettlingThis movie is not a traditional horror movie In fact I would even go so far as
to say it is not even a horror movie at all just a heavy drama movie with terrifying elements to it
This movie did absolutely everything right from the extremely realistic dialogue to the astoundingly
realistic visuals to the cinematography and more Everything about this movie just worked there was
absolutely no scene or shot that felt unneeded or unnecessary The movie looked gorgeous and then
fitting for the mood of the movie it seemed to darken the colors and the tone of the shots and
cinematography overall The acting in this movie was complete perfection down to even the most minor
of characters Toni Collette gives by far the best performance I have seen by an actress this year
and I can easily say that she deserves to be acknowledged in the upcoming Oscars Even Alex Wolff
whom I did not think would do a great job within the movie did an outstanding job The thing that
drives this movie forward is the pure tension that is felt not only within the characters and
between them but with the audience as well This movie is horror at its finest pure tension no
reliance on jumpscares There was a particular scene that just blew me away with how well it was shot
it involved a character being in their bed and then looking around their room thinking to have heard
something and all the while there is a mysterious figure lurking in the darkness And rather than use
this figure to provide a chance for a cheap jumpscare the director just lets the audience soak in
the image of that entity in the room with the character and no jumpscare happens This is the
definition of a pure horror movie that relies on tension and nothing else This is definitely one of
the best movies I have seen all year and the second best horror movie I have ever seen right behind
2015s The Witch This movie blew me away and if you are a fan of horror movies drama movies or both
go see this movie It is utterly and completely amazingI am a horror fanatic and I have not seen a
movie that has impressed me this much since the first time I saw The Shining The director reminds me
of a mixture of Lars Von Triers encrypted mind and Wes Andersons pleasing imagery The narrative
itself keeps the viewer guessing the genre which only adds to the suspense in having no idea where
the movie could go So wonderfully thought out so incredibly visually pleasing A must see for anyone
whos a fan of horror gore drama suspense etc I am in love with this movieIve spent my whole life
watching horror movies yet there were parts of this movie that left me in utter shockand horror left me gasping and hoping they wouldnt go where they did I cant praise this movie enough
brutal crafty original eerie compelling just brilliant and utterly disturbing and terrifying I cant
say enough good thingsKubrick King and Nicholson the writing was literally on the wall and I dont
mean RedRum forty years on and The Shining is still a masterpieceKubrick takes Kings fantastic book
and builds on it bringing the story to life in his own inimitable way Its dark its bleak its
terrifying a masterpiece in storytelling You watch as the central characters mental collapse is
played out in a spine chilling fashionGorgeous camera work incredible visuals that opening is iconic
So many incredible visual moments the twins lift barman etc no wonder its been parodied multiple
times over the years famously by The SimpsonsAn iconic role for Jack Nicholson he is incredible well
supported by a terrific castIts a classic 1010The Shining you know whats weird about this movie This
is the movie that everyone for people who claim to not like horror films will always say that The
Shining is a terrific film This is Stanley Kubricks classic vision of Stephen Kings horror tale of
madness and blood This is just an incredible film and wither you have seen it or not you have heard
of it know a few lines from it and know some of the classic images Who could forget Jacks Heres
Johnny Who could forget All Work and No Play Make Jack a Dull Boy Who could forget that chilling
ending This is the film that is unforgettable and honestly in my opinion is Kubricks best work I
know there is a lot of argument in that department a lot of people say its 2001 A Space Odyssey or
Clockwork Orange or even Dr Strangelove but if those film pioneered film making then The Shining
perfected it This is the tale of isolation madness terrifying images and the ultimate ghost story
that will crawl underneath your skin Jack Torrance Jacks son Danny and Jacks wife Wendy arrive at
the Overlook Hotel on closing day The elderly AfricanAmerican chef Dick Hallorann surprises Danny by
speaking to him telepathically and offering him some ice cream He explains to Danny that he and his
grandmother shared the gift they called the communication shining Danny asks if there is anything to
be afraid of in the hotel particularly Room 237 Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a certain shine
to it and many memories not all of them good and advises him to stay out of room 237 under all
circumstances Dannys curiosity about Room 237 finally gets the better of him when he sees the room
has been opened Danny shows up injured and visibly traumatized after Jack tells Wendy that he loves
his family Seeing this Wendy thinks Jack has been abusing Danny Jack wanders into the hotels Gold
Room where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd Danny starts calling out the word redrum
frantically and scribbling it on walls He goes into a trance and withdraws he now says that he is
Tony his own imaginary friend Jack sabotages the hotel radio cutting off communication from the
outside world but Hallorann has received Dannys telepathic cry for help and is on his way Wendy
discovers that Jack has been typing endless pages of manuscript repeating All work and no play makes
Jack a dull boy formatted in various ways Horrified Jack threatens her and she knocks him
unconscious with a baseball bat locking him in a storage locker in the kitchen Jack converses with
Grady through the door of the locker which then unlocks releasing him Danny has written REDRUM in
lipstick on the door of Wendys bedroom When she looks in the mirror she sees that it is Murder
spelled backwards Jack picks up an axe and begins to chop through the door leading to his familys
living quarters Heres Johnny and Jacks legendary image is bornThe Shining is one of those films that
you seriously have to make time to see this is an incredible film and still gives me nightmares Jack
Nicholsons performance is timeless and unforgettable But one I also feel is extremely overlooked is
Shelley Duvall her scene of finding Jacks rant All Work is incredible thats a look of horror and
you can see that fear in her face after realizing her husband is mad Also another incredible scene
is when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bathtub its honestly one of the most terrifying scenes in
horror cinema The reason this film is so well known is because its a film of perfection its been on
The Simpsons its been shown in other films and its a film that will forever stay with you when you
see it trust me1010Okay okay maybe not THE greatest I mean The Exorcist and Psycho and a few others
are hard to pass up but The Shining is way up there It is however by far the best Stephen King story
that has been made into a movie Its better than The Stand better than Pet Sematary if not quite as
scary better than Cujo better than The Green Mile better the Dolores Claiborne better than Stand By
Me just barely though and yes its better than The Shawshank Redemption shut up its better I dont
care WHAT the IMDb Top 250 says  I read that a couple of decades ago Stanley Kubrick was sorting
through novels at his home trying to find one that might make a good movie and from the other room
his wife would hear a pounding noise every half hour or so as he threw books against the wall in
frustration Finally she didnt hear any noise for almost two hours and when she went to check and see
if he had died in his chair or something I tell this with all due respect of course she found him
concentrating on a book that he had in his hand and the book was The Shining And thank God too
because he went on to convert that book into one of the best horror films everStephen King can be
thanked for the complexity of the story about a man who takes his wife and son up to a remote hotel
to oversee it during the extremely isolated winter as he works on his writing Jack Nicholson can be
thanked for his deadon performance as Jack Torrance how many movies has Jack been in where he plays
a character named Jack as well as his flawless delivery of several nowfamous lines Heeeeeeres Johnny
Shelley Duvall can be thanked for giving a performance that allows the audience to relate to Jacks
desires to kill her Stanley Kubrick can be thanked for giving this excellent story his very
recognizable touch and whoever the casting director was can be thanked for scrounging up the
creepiest twins on the planet to play the part of the murdered girlsOne of the most significant aspects of this movie necessary for the story as a whole to have its
most significant effect is the isolation and its presents flawlessly The film starts off with a
lengthy scene following Jack as he drives up to the old hotel for his interview for the job of the
caretaker for the winter This is soon followed by the same thing following Jack and his family as
they drive up the windy mountain road to the hotel This time the scene is intermixed with shots of
Jack Wendy and Danny talking in the car in which Kubrick managed to sneak in a quick suggestion
about the evils of TV as Wendy voices her concern about talking about cannibalism in front of Danny
who says that its okay because hes already seen it on TV See Its okay he saw it on the televisionThe hotel itself is the perfect setting for a story like this to take place and its bloody past is
made much more frightening by the huge echoing rooms and the long hallways These rooms with their
echoes constantly emphasize the emptiness of the hotel but it is the hallways that really created
most of the scariness of this movie and Kubricks traditional tracking shots give the hallways a
creepy threedimensional feel Early in the film there is a famous tracking shot that follows Danny in
a large circle as he rides around the halls on his Big Wheel is that what those are called and his
relative speed as well as the clunking made by the wheels as he goes back and forth from the
hardwood floors to the throw rugs gives the feeling of not knowing what is around the corner And
being a Stephen King story you EXPECT something to jump out at you I think that the best scene in
the halls as well as one of the scariest in the film is when Danny is playing on the floor and a
ball rolls slowly up to him He looks up and sees the long empty hallway and because the ball is
something of a childs toy you expect that it must have been those horrendously creepy twins that
rolled it to him Anyway you get the point The Shining is a damn scary movieBesides having the rare
quality of being a horror film that doesnt suck The Shining has a very in depth story that really
keeps you guessing and leaves you with a feeling that there was something that you missed HAD Jack
always been there like Mr Grady told him in the mens room Was he really at that ball in 1921 or is
that just someone who looks exactly like him If he has always been the caretaker as Mr Grady also
said does that mean that it was HIM that went crazy and killed his wife and twin daughters and not
Mr Grady after all Its one thing for a film to leave loose ends that should have been tied thats
just mediocre filmmaking For example The Amityville Horror which obviously copied much of The
Shining as far as its subject matter did this But it is entirely different when a film is presented
in a way that really makes you think as mostly all of Kubricks movies are One more thing that we can
all thank Stanley Kubrick for and we SHOULD thank him for is for not throwing this book against the
wall That one toss would have been cinematic tragedyPossibly the best film in cinema history thanks
to the armonically flawless Kubricks direction and the terrifically sublime Nicholsons performanceA
movie which Ive never seen before It changed my viewpoint to the cinema overall A masterpiece which
inspired me and still keeps doing that Also introduced me to my favorite director of all time
Stanley KubrickAs each year goes by people realize even more just how brilliant this movie is The
Shining unnerves the viewer in a way other horror movies can only try to its surreal feeling hidden
messages and terrifying performances captivate you and leave you wondering long after the credits
roll Kubrick made a masterpiece and analyses of this work of art are continuing to find more and
more deeper meaningsANY horror fan and really any fan of cinema must see this gemNo amount of words
can contain my appreciation of The Shining but it is a perfect psychological and haunting
masterpiece for every frame of every second of the film Jack Nicholson gives the greatest acting
performance of all time also the scene of him getting a drink at the bar solidifies this Stanley
Kubrick is one of the smartest people to have ever lived with unrivalled artistic abilities and The
Shining is his masterclassA frustrated writer takes a job as caretaker at a deserted hotel
undisturbed at the news of the locations murderous past and seals himself up through the bleak
winter with his wife and son But the past never leaves the present Plenty of comprehensive reviews
for this masterpiece so Ill make just two pointsMusic makes up about half the effect of a horror
movie but this baby goes even further Apart from a couple of quiet scenes near the beginning it
never lets up yet never overwhelms The opening drive through the mountains is full of ominous synth
and the first act is all atonal and unsettling We switch in preparation for going through the
looking glass  Room 237  when the music becomes orchestral and structured with multiplying tritones
struck in ghastly sequence as Danny first notices the key in the lock The music returns to atonal
but orchestral this time as the evil worms its way into the characters At the climax were hit with a
satanic choir and finish off with eerie dance music from the 20s Add in the sound design with the
wheels on carpet and board Tonys mutterings the chilling rhythm of the dialogue in the red toilet
and the stairway scenes and it all works brilliantlySecond many say this is a psychological horror
but I disagree Its clear from the off that Jack Torrance is a man with no centre  a pleaser and a
conniver and a bully  so its a question of when not if he loses control and theres no pyschological
progression I imagine Kubrick would have considered that trite and preferred instead to use the
characters as one of many frames to create the effect of evil so it becomes a total cinematic horror
Essential that we go through the looking glass and this is where we get the progression from the
music at the moment Danny passes the room through the sound effect at Jacks falling into a nightmare
to Wendys close up on discovering the typed pages and to the point where she herself experiences the
visions not just Danny and Jack To finish off were literally taken into a frame that confirms this
is not some guy going off on one but a circle of hellStephen King is said to have dismissed this as
a travesty of his work and I guess were dealing with two very different views of what makes horror I
dunno about the writer but the filmmaker dun made a horrorHorror films are associated with extreme
and sickening violencegore lunatic killers and mostly focus on teenagers They are mostly just poor
excuses to put extreme violence on film to appeal to younger people and nearly all with a few
exceptions such as Saw are totally crap Violence doesnt make a film good In making The Shining
Stanley Kubrick has shown the world how horror films should be madeThere are none of the predictable
badguyjumpsoutofthedark scenes to try and scare you Instead Kubrick builds up suspense with the
chilling musical score and Jack Torrance gradually gets driven insane Jack Nicholson is perfect to
portray the character of Torrance Not only is he a brilliant actor anyway but he looks perfect for
the part He isnt your stereotyped perfectlooks actor I dont think someone like Brad Pitt would be as
effective playing his part Pitt is a great actor but you cant imagine someone like him going insane
in a weird hotel I think the cast is important to this film Kubrick cast a proper leading actor and
actress rather than the randomly assembled casts of young 20 year olds you get in most horror films
And hey The result is way betterThere are a perfect amount of genuine horror scenes such as the
famous axe scene and the scene in the maze and it never goes over the top There is also some unique
horror scenes such as when Jack writes about 1000 pages of the same words and the visions of the
blood from the elevator and the little girls They are bizarre but very effective in building
suspenseThe storyline is also much more effective than the usual story of teenagers being pursued by
a lunatic murderer A man stuck in a hotel for the winter with just his family who gradually goes
insane is much more original and much much much more effective Horror films are meant to be scary
and this really is There are many scenes showing Jacks willingness to give in to temptation and how
he wants to get away from his wife and weird son The camerawork is also excellent as it builds up
tension by moving along the corridors and it also emphasises that Jack is feeling confined in the
hotelStephen King didnt like Kubricks interpretation of his novel I cant believe how Kubrick just
made it better This is a top film and is a landmark for horror filmsYou cant change whats perfect
And this film is as close as they comeBrilliant Horror film  while I was watching the film at a
packed movie theater I was thinking Chucky has finally met his match in Annabelle not that Annabelle
the movie is anything like the Childs play films it is very different and perhaps the only common
factor they share is the presence of a dollthe movie was executed professionally everything was top
notch from direction to Cinematography and from acting to plot and dialog everything was in place I
also loved the 70s vibe and the lead actress Annabelle Wallis playing Mia was also excellentthe
movie had its shares of scares jump out of your seat surprises but nothing over the top it might not
be as scary as people might be expecting and hence some of the negative reviews here from other
users However I thought the movie was well balanced and relied mainly on story and character rather
than being overtly scary which was perfect in my opinion and it what made it so good and successful
in my eyesI highly recommend this a good Horror film to start October with and prepare for Halloween
go watch itVery very scary  The 2 nd scariest movie of all time right behind the exorcist  I dont
get scared easily  I had seen hundreds of horror movies but this one really scared me  the basement
elevator scene is the scariest movie scene of all time  Im still shaken up by it  If you want to get
scared than go see this movie  Dont listen to people who havent even seen this movie  Its genuinely
scary and I can handle a lot  its about a doll that is possessed and wants to take the main
characters child  her soul   it has some very intense scare scenes  I would say the best scare
scenes ever filmed but the doll itself isnt scary at all I loved this movie I dragged my best friend
with me who is terrified by scary movies and I jumped more than she didbut thats probably because
she kept her head hidden most of the movie Annabelle is the perfect creepy doll She doesnt even say
anything yet shes still creepy as hell It was a slow moving scary movie  which makes this movie all
the more scary I dont like movies where they throw blood and gore in your face thats too predictable
This movie had all the pieces of the puzzle to connect both movies The Conjuring and Annabelle
together I thought the part where the mother saw a little girl in the nursery and just as the door
was closing the girl came running and flipped to a crazy girl in a bloody nightgownIf you liked
Insidious than this is a must watch As opposed to a movie focusing on the doll Annabelle like Childs
Play does with Chucky this movie steers to the evil behind the doll Good Decision Props to the
director for this What really impressed me was how I could say this movie belongs up in the category
of Insidious for the many creepy scenes There were some laughs and some jump stomach aching inducing
scenes I dont know who the director of this movie is but when I do I will keep my eyes open to See
what else he contributes 2014 was a good year for horror movies First Tusk and now AnnabelleA
demonic soul is present in the doll but without movement it is just used to create hallucinations to
its ownerThe story of an evil doll who wants to kill its owners by bringing them bad luck and curseNo jump in
the movie this film lacks a touch of fear and anguishThis movie is probably the scariest horror
movie that I have ever seenI thoroughly enjoyed this movie It provided ample amount of scares
causing me to jump out of my skin several times which is very hard for a horror film to bring out of
me The fact that I had watched a documentary about the real doll before watching the movie helped
make it that much scarier If you didnt like this movie its probably because it scared you a little
too much If you found it slow perhaps you have a form of ADHD no offense intended I also loved the
fact that they stepped away from the normal format of most movies about demons keeping them
invisible and for short brief moments letting us see the terrifying creatureIm shocked this movie
has received such low ratings Ive seen a LOT of horror films as one can assume from my user name so
Im more critical than most of horror films but this one was honestly very well done The actors did a
fantastic job the baby was adorable and that elevator scene and the stair scene following it were
absolutely phenomenal I dont jump scare or become startled easily at movies whether in a theater or
at home but this one managed to freak me out and make me jump a few times The elevator scene just
kept me on edge waiting for the demon to reappear and grab her or drag her or something Then when
she was running up the stairs and stopped to look back and all you can see is this vague dark
outline and your thought process goes Wait is that the demon I think it is Oh god it is Truly
classic horror movie techniques I get so tired of slasher films that only want sex rape nudity and
blood Im sorry but a man running around just cutting off naked girls limbs isnt really terrifying
Also the part with the priest running into the church with the doll I expected the girl to be
standing in the church all like Haha holy ground my ass and then slaughter him but instead he went
flying back towards the street where she stood which caught me off guard and made me jump a
littleThe only part Im still a little unsure of whether it was beneficial or negative is when Mia
the mother is in their dining room and the doll is sitting on the ground then floats up and you see
the demoncreature thing standing behind holding it and it shows its face Its definitely a decently
creepy demon I just sometimes prefer only a somewhat reveal of it like when it was on the stairs I
feel like showing its face completely can take away the horror of the unknownReally people should
give this film a chance I thought it was even better than conjuring and I thought conjuring was
great as wellAnabelle Is A Really Creepy Doll She Keeps Writing Letters In Red Crayon They Throw Her
Away Only For Anabelle To Come Back The Girl Kills Her Parents And The Slits Her Throat And Her
Blood Goes In The Anabelle Doll And Then She Starts Messing With This Family And Then She Wants To
Posses The Baby This Movie Is Creepy And Then That One Girl Jumps Out The Window And Kills Herself
Oh My Gosh I Love Anabelle It Is ScaryAnnabelle is one of the most incredible movies I have ever
watched I went to go watch it in theaters with my friends and my family The only part that made me
scream was when the devilish finger popped out at us I screamed and flung popcorn every where and
throw my feet um on my seat My brother started to cry so he berried his face in the bucket of
popcorn That was the best night ever I have never watched a movie with so much going on and all had
to do with a doll with rosy pink cheeks After that I had dreams about having a doll like her and it
was amazing but frighting at the same time After I watched the movie I wanted a doll like Annabelle
for the longest time ever My mother told me I was crazy